[Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir in the green bell pepper and onion; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Increase heat to medium-high heat and stir in the ground alligator. Cook and stir until the meat is crumbly, and evenly browned. Drain and discard any excess grease. Stir in the crushed tomatoes, tomato-vegetable juice cocktail, black beans, kidney beans, and chipotle chile. Season with chili powder, cumin, cinnamon, smoked paprika, celery salt, ground ginger, salt, and pepper. Reduce heat to low; cover and simmer for 2 to 3 hours, stirring in water if the chili becomes too thick. Serve with hot sauce.]
[Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add the gnocchi, and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Drain, and set aside. Once the gnocchi goes into the pot, start the sauce, as you want the gnocchi to be done first. Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots, and cook for a few minutes, until tender. Stir in the cream, and heat to almost a boil. Gradually mix in the fontina and parmesan cheeses, being careful not to boil. Stir until smooth, then remove from the heat immediately, or the sauce may clump. Place gnocchi into serving dishes, and spoon the sauce over them. Garnish with chopped fresh basil.]
[Cook and stir the ground turkey in a large pot over medium heat until crumbly and no longer pink, about 5 minutes. Stir in the crushed tomatoes, tomato sauce, kidney beans, pinto beans, black beans, onion, garlic, and red wine. Season with chili powder, cumin, parsley, oregano, black pepper, red pepper flakes, and bay leaves. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer 2 hours. Stir the chili occasionally as it simmers. Remove and discard bay leaves before serving.]
[Preheat the oven's broiler and set the oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source. Fill the jalapeno peppers with cream cheese. Sprinkle the Cajun seasoning on top, then wrap each stuffed jalapeno with a slice of bacon. Secure with a toothpick. Arrange the wrapped jalapeno peppers in a single layer, face down on a broiler rack. Broil in the preheated oven until the bacon becomes crisp, 8 to 15 minutes on each side.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).  Lightly coat a 9-inch springform pan with nonstick cooking spray. Mix together the graham cracker crumbs, melted butter, and 2 tablespoons of sugar until well combined.  Press into the bottom of the prepared springform pan, and 1 inch up the sides.  Bake in preheated oven for 8 minutes, then remove to cool on a wire rack. Reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Beat the softened cream cheese in a large bowl with an electric mixer until fluffy.  Gradually add 1 cup of sugar, beating until blended.   Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition.  Stir in sour cream, espresso and vanilla.  Pour batter into the baked and cooled crust. Bake cheesecake in the preheated oven for 1 hour and 5 minutes; then turn the oven off, partially open the door and allow the cheesecake to rest for 15 minutes more. Remove from the oven, and run a knife around the edges. Cool cheesecake on a wire rack to room temperature, then cover the springform pan with plastic wrap, and chill in the refrigerator for 8 hours. To serve, cut the cheesecake into wedges and garnish each slice with whipped cream and caramel sauce.]
[Soak the salted cod in about 2 quarts of water, changing the water 3 times over the course of 8 hours. Drain and cut the fish into bite-size pieces. Layer the half of each ingredient in the following order: potatoes, cod fish, onions, hard-boiled eggs, capers, garlic, olives, roasted red peppers, and raisins. Place the bay leaf on top, then pour half the tomato sauce and half the olive oil. Repeat with the remaining ingredients in the same order. Pour the water and white wine on top. Do not stir. Cover and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 30 minutes.]
[Heat canola oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Fry the plantains in the preheated oil until golden, but not brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Smash each piece of plantain in a tostonero or with the bottom of a small dish to make a small disk, then shape the disk into a small cup. Return the plantain cups to the hot oil, and fry until golden and crisp, 5 to 7 minutes more. Season with garlic salt. Set aside. Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat and stir in the ground beef. Season with salt. Cook and stir until the beef is crumbly, evenly browned, and no longer pink. Drain and discard any excess grease. Stir in the sofrito, tomato sauce, water, sazon seasoning, and olives. Reduce heat to medium-low, then simmer until liquid is reduced, about 15 minutes. Fill the plantain cups with the beef mixture and top with Cheddar cheese. Arrange the cups on a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until the cheese is melted, 5 to 8 minutes.]
[Mix the brown sugar, fajita seasoning, and paprika in a bowl. Rub both sides of the pork spareribs with the brown sugar mixture. Place the spareribs in a 9x13-inch baking pan; cover and refrigerate overnight. Preheat an oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Whisk together the beer, garlic, honey, Worcestershire sauce, and mustard in a bowl. Set aside. Tear off 2 large sheets of heavy duty aluminum foil and lay them shiny-side down. Place a rack of spareribs on each sheet, meaty-side up. Tear off 2 more sheets of foil and place them on top of the ribs, shiny-side up. Begin tightly folding the edges of the foil together to create a sealed packet. Just before sealing completely, divide the beer mixture evenly into each packet. Complete the seal. Place the packets side-by-side on an 11x14-inch baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until the ribs are very tender, 3 hours and 30 minutes to 4 hours. Carefully open each packet, and drain the drippings into a saucepan. You may only need the drippings from one packet. Set ribs aside. Simmer the drippings over medium-high heat until the sauce begins to thicken, about 5 minutes. Brush the thickened sauce over the ribs. Preheat the oven's broiler and set the oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source. Place the ribs back into the oven and broil until the sauce is lightly caramelized, 5 to 7 minutes.]
[Fill a rocks glass with 1 cup crushed ice. Set aside in the freezer. Combine rum, orgeat, orange Curacao, rock candy syrup, and lime juice in a cocktail shaker. Add 1 cup ice, cover and shake until chilled. Strain into the chilled rocks glass. Garnish with half of the lime shell inside the drink and float a sprig of fresh mint on the edge of the glass.]
[Combine the hot sauce, butter, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, cayenne pepper, garlic powder, and salt in a pot and place over medium heat. Bring to a simmer while stirring with a whisk. As soon as the liquid begins to bubble on the sides of the pot, remove from heat, stir with the whisk, and set aside for use.]
[Combine flour, brown sugar, white sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large mixing bowl, and whisk together for two minutes to aerate. In a separate bowl, combine pumpkin puree, cinnamon, ginger, allspice, egg, milk, 2 tablespoons of vegetable oil, lemon juice, and lemon zest. Mix in the flour mixture, and stir just until moistened. (Do not overmix.) Coat skillet with 1 teaspoon vegetable oil over medium heat. Pour batter into skillet 1/4 cup at a time, and cook the pancakes until golden brown, about 3 minutes on each side.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Once the water is boiling, stir in the macaroni, and return to a boil. Cook the pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pasta is cooked through but still slightly firm, about 8 minutes. Drain well. Melt 1/4 cup butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. When the butter starts to foam and bubble, stir in the flour; cook on medium heat until flour just begins to turn pale yellow, 3 to 4 minutes. Add thyme, cayenne pepper, and white pepper; cook and stir another minute, then whisk in 1 cup of milk until smooth. Pour in remaining milk and whisk again. Bring the sauce just to a simmer. Stir in nutmeg, Worcestershire sauce, and salt; simmer on medium-low heat until thickened, about 8 minutes, whisking often. Turn heat off, then add 2 1/4 cups of Cheddar cheese; stir until melted and combined. Add Dijon mustard. Transfer the macaroni into a casserole dish, then pour in the cheese sauce; stir to thoroughly combine sauce with pasta. Mix panko bread crumbs and 1 tablespoon melted butter in a small bowl, and sprinkle crumbs on top of macaroni and cheese. Sprinkle remaining 3/4 cup of Cheddar cheese on top. Bake in the preheated oven until bread crumbs and Cheddar cheese topping are golden brown, about 20 minutes.]
[Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Spray a 9x5-inch loaf pan with cooking spray. Mix butter and sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Whisk in eggs one at a time until combined. Whisk in the pumpkin puree, cinnamon, Chinese five-spice powder, and allspice until combined. Stir flour, salt, baking powder, and baking soda into the pumpkin mixture and mix until just combined. Stir in chopped walnuts. Pour batter into the prepared loaf pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 1 hour.]
[Melt butter in a large skillet over low heat. Cook onions with salt, stirring occasionally, until the onions are soft and golden, about 40 to 45 minutes. Mix in thyme sprigs and bay leaf. Pour in sherry wine and sherry vinegar, and stir in black pepper. Pour in beef broth, chicken broth, and water. Stir to combine, and allow the soup to simmer gently for one hour. Ladle soup into heat-proof crocks. Place a slice of toasted baguette on top of each crock, and sprinkle 1 ounce of shredded Gruyere cheese per serving. Preheat oven's broiler and set the oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source. Place the filled crocks on a baking sheet, and broil until the cheese is golden and bubbly, about 1 minute.]
[Place the butter in a large soup pot over medium-low heat. Stir in onion, celery, and sliced garlic. Cook slowly until the onions are translucent but not brown, 5 to 8 minutes. Mix in ham, bay leaf, and split peas. Pour in chicken stock and water. Stir to combine, and simmer slowly until the peas are tender and the soup is thick, about 1 hour and 15 minutes. Stir occasionally. Season with salt and black pepper to serve.]
[Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Place the carrot, celery, onion, red bell pepper, mushrooms, and garlic in a food processor, and pulse until very finely chopped, almost to a puree. Place the minced vegetables into a large mixing bowl, and mix in ground chuck, Worcestershire sauce, and egg. Add Italian herbs, salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Mix gently with a wooden spoon to incorporate vegetables and egg into the meat. Pour in bread crumbs. With your hand, gently mix in the crumbs with your fingertips just until combined, about 1 minute. Form the meatloaf into a ball. Pour olive oil into a baking dish and place the ball of meat into the dish. Shape the ball into a loaf, about 4 inches high by 6 inches across. Bake in the preheated oven just until the meatloaf is hot, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, mix together brown sugar, ketchup, Dijon mustard, and hot sauce. Stir until the brown sugar has dissolved. Remove the meatloaf from the oven. With the back of a spoon, smooth the glaze onto the top of the meatloaf, then pull a little bit of glaze down the sides of the meatloaf with the back of the spoon. Return meatloaf to oven, and bake until the loaf is no longer pink inside and the glaze has baked onto the loaf, 30 to 40 more minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the loaf should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Cooking time will depend on shape and thickness of the meatloaf.]
[Cover a baking sheet with foil and spray lightly with cooking spray. Soak bread crumbs in milk in a small bowl for 20 minutes. Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir onions in hot oil until translucent, about 20 minutes. Mix beef and pork together in a large bowl. Stir onions, bread crumb mixture, eggs, parsley, garlic, salt, black pepper, red pepper flakes, Italian herb seasoning, and Parmesan cheese into meat mixture with a rubber spatula until combined. Cover and refrigerate for about one hour. Preheat an oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Using wet hands, form meat mixture into balls about 1 1/2 inches in diameter. Arrange onto prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until browned and cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes.]
[Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C). Pour vegetable oil into a large oven-safe pot over medium-high heat. Season the chuck roast with salt and black pepper. Brown the meat on both sides in the hot oil, and transfer to a plate. Stir carrots, celery, and onion into the pot, and cook and stir until vegetables start to release their juices, about 3 minutes; loosen any brown flavor bits on the bottom of the pot. Add butter, and cook until the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Then sprinkle in rosemary, stir the vegetables, and return the roast to the pot. Cover the pot with a lid. Roast in the preheated oven until the chuck roast is tender, about 2 1/2 to 3 hours. Season vegetables with additional salt and black pepper, if desired.]
[Place cooked squash into a mixing bowl. Add salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Stir in mascarpone cheese, egg yolk, and 1/3 cup Parmesan cheese, mixing until the filling is smoothly combined. Place a wonton wrapper onto a working surface. Wet the tip of a finger in water, and run it all along the outer edge of the wonton skin to moisten. Place about 1 teaspoon of filling in the center of the wonton. Fold the wonton in half to make a half-moon shape, and press the edges to seal. Repeat with the remaining wonton wrappers. Place a deep skillet over medium-low heat. Stir in butter and unpeeled clove of garlic. Meanwhile, bring a saucepan of lightly salted water to a boil. Drop the filled raviolis into the boiling water, a few at a time, and cook until they float to the top, about 2 minutes. Drain the raviolis, and transfer them to the skillet. Turn the heat under the skillet up to medium-high, and cook just until the raviolis are infused with garlic flavor, about 2 or 3 more minutes. Sprinkle with chopped sage, more black pepper, and extra Parmesan cheese to taste.]
[Preheat oven to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C). Butter an 11x14 inch baking dish, and set aside to bake the stuffing. Arrange sourdough bread pieces on a baking sheet. Toast the bread in preheated oven until crisp and dry, 20 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven to cool.  Increase the oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat. Stir in the onion and celery; cook and stir until the vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes. Stir in the herbes de Provence and rubbed sage, then stir in the apricots. Turn off the heat, and allow the mixture to rest. Toss the toasted bread and pecans together in a large bowl. Stir in the celery mixture, then season with salt and pepper. Mix in the chicken broth, one cup at a time. Stir in the egg. Transfer the stuffing to the buttered baking dish. Bake in the preheated oven until the top is browned, 30 to 35 minutes.]
[Mix the ancho chile powder, paprika, cumin, salt, chipotle pepper, oregano, cocoa powder, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and cinnamon in a bowl; set aside. Heat the olive oil in a large heavy pot over medium heat. Stir in the onion; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in the ground turkey and garlic. Cook and stir until turkey is no longer pink, breaking up any large chunks, 7 to 8 minutes. Stir in the spice mixture. Cook until fragrant, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the tomato puree and water. Bring to a simmer, then reduce heat to low. Cook until the turkey meat is broken down, about 1 hour. Stir in the beans, and continue to simmer until flavors have blended, 20 to 30 more minutes.]
[Place the potatoes into a large pot, and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Drain, and return the potatoes to the pot. Turn heat to high, and allow the potatoes to dry for about 30 seconds. Turn off the heat. Mash the potatoes with a potato masher twice around the pot, then add the butter and milk. Continue to mash until smooth and fluffy. Whisk in the salt and black pepper until evenly distributed, about 15 seconds.]
[Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Stir in onion; cook and stir until onion is softened, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool. Place butternut squash in a large bowl, and season with curry powder, cumin, sea salt, and black pepper. Toss with a fork, then stir in the egg, garbanzo-fava bean flour, and corn flour. Mix in cooled onions. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Scoop about 1/4 cup of the butternut squash mixture into the pan. Flatten to a patty about 1/4-inch thick. Pan fry until crisp and browned, about 3 minutes per side. Repeat with remaining squash mixture. Top with sour cream and pumpkin seeds before serving.]
[Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Mix 2 tablespoons salt, and 1 tablespoon pepper, and poultry seasoning in a small bowl. Tuck turkey wings under the bird, and season cavity with about 1 tablespoon of the poultry seasoning mixture. Reserve remaining poultry seasoning mix. Toss the onion, celery, and carrots together in a bowl. Stuff about 1/2 cup of the vegetable mixture, rosemary sprigs, and 1/2 bunch sage into the cavity of the turkey. Tie legs together with kitchen string. Loosen the skin on top of the turkey breast using fingers or a small spatula. Place about 2 tablespoons butter under the skin and spread evenly. Spread the remaining butter (about 2 tablespoons) all over the outside of the skin. Sprinkle the outside of the turkey with the remaining poultry seasoning mix. Spread the remaining onion, celery, and carrots into a large roasting pan. Place the turkey on top of the vegetables. Fill the  pan with about 1/2 inch of water. Arrange a sheet of aluminum foil over the breast of the turkey. Roast the turkey in the preheated oven until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, about 3 1/2 hours. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone should read 165 degrees F (75 degrees C). Remove the foil during the last hour of cooking. Baste the turkey with the pan juices. While the turkey is roasting, make stock: place neck, heart, and gizzards in a saucepan with the  bay leaf and water. Simmer over medium heat for 2 hours. Strain the turkey giblets from the stock, and discard giblets. There should be at least 4 cups of stock. Remove the turkey from the oven, cover with a doubled sheet of aluminum foil, and allow to rest in a warm area for 10 to 15 minutes before slicing. Pour the pan juices, about 3 cups, into a saucepan and set aside. Skim off the turkey fat from the pan juices, reserving about 2 tablespoons. Heat 2 tablespoons of the turkey fat and 1 tablespoon butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Transfer the onion from the roasting pan into the skillet. Cook and stir until the onion is browned, about 5 minutes, then stir in the flour. Continue to cook and stir for about 5 minutes more; whisk in 4 cups of the skimmed turkey stock and the reserved pan juices until smooth; skim off any foam. Stir in the balsamic vinegar. Simmer until the gravy is thickened, whisking constantly, about 10 minutes. Stir in 1 tablespoon of chopped sage, and season to taste with salt and black pepper.]
[Mix the turkey, poultry seasoning, garlic salt, onion powder, salt, pepper, Worcestershire sauce, and cayenne pepper together in a bowl. Stir in the egg, milk, and bread crumbs. Cover with plastic and refrigerate for 1 hour. Heat olive oil in skillet over medium heat. Roll the turkey mixture into balls, about one tablespoon each. Place the meatballs in a single layer in the skillet. Brown meatballs on all sides, flipping occasionally. Place browned meatballs on a clean baking sheet. Set aside. Combine cranberry sauce, marmalade, and chicken broth over medium heat in the skillet used to cook the meatballs. Stir in the jalapeno and Fresno peppers, then return meatballs to skillet. Reduce heat to medium-low, and continue to cook until the meatballs are no longer pink in the center and glaze is reduced. Season with salt and pepper.]
[Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Score the squash by making 1/4-inch deep slashes into the flesh of the squash. Place in baking dish. Brush with orange juice and sprinkle with salt. Bake in the preheated oven until lightly browned, about 30 min. Meanwhile, simmer butter, maple syrup, brown sugar, black pepper, and cayenne pepper in a small skillet over medium heat until smooth and the sugar has dissolved, about 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove the squash from the oven. Pour out any liquid that may have collected in the squash. Brush the glaze over each squash half. Return to the oven until tender, about 20 more minutes. Spoon any glaze that has collected at the bottom of the squash over the edges of the squash. Season with additional salt, if desired.]
[Heat butter over medium heat in a saucepan until it foams. Stir in mushrooms. Season with salt. Simmer until liquid evaporates, about 20 minutes. Stir in the flour, cooking and stirring for about 5 minutes. Add about 1 cup of beef stock, stirring briskly until incorporated, then pour in the remaining stock and mix thoroughly. Season with black pepper and thyme. Reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until thickened, about 30 minutes, stirring often.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with a silicon mat or parchment paper. Mash the butter, white sugar, and brown sugar together in a large mixing bowl with a spatula until creamy and smooth, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla; whisk vigorously for 20 to 30 seconds. Whisk the flour, salt, and baking soda together in a small bowl; dump into the butter mixture and mix until just combined. Fold the semi-sweet chocolate chips, white chocolate chips, and milk chocolate chips into the mixture. Arrange onto the prepared baking sheet using a small scoop or large spoon. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, about 10 minutes; remove from oven and allow to cool on the sheet for 10 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to finish cooling completely.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Whisk flour, white sugar, baking powder, and salt in a mixing bowl. Cut in butter with a knife or pastry blender until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir together 1/2 cup milk, sour cream, and currants in a small bowl; stir into flour mixture with a fork until just moistened and holding together. Transfer dough to a lightly floured surface and pat into rectangle. Fold the rectangle in thirds. Turn dough a half turn, gather any crumbs, flatten back into a rectangle, and repeat. Cut into eight pieces and place each scone on a silicone baking mat. Whisk egg and 1 tablespoon milk together in a small bowl; brush mixture on top of each scone. Bake scones in the preheated oven until risen and golden brown, about 15 minutes. Remove and transfer to cooling rack.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line two baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats. Heat currants and coffee liqueur in a saucepan over low heat until it begins to simmer, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside. Combine unsweetened chocolate, bittersweet chocolate, and butter in bowl. Place bowl on top of a saucepan filled with 1-inch of water set over low heat. Stir chocolate mixture occasionally until melted, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside. Mix flour, black pepper, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, and cayenne pepper in large bowl and set aside. Whisk sugar and eggs in a small bowl until light, fluffy, and pale yellow, about 5 minutes. Slowly whisk in vanilla and melted chocolate mixture. Fold flour mixture into sugar and chocolate mixture until combined. Stir in dark chocolate chips and liqueur-soaked currants. Drop spoonfuls of cookie dough 2 inches apart onto prepared baking sheets. Bake in the preheated oven until cookies are almost set, about 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and leave on baking sheets to cool, 5 minutes. Transfer to cooling rack and allow to finish cooling, 5 minutes.]
[Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Pour about 1 inch of water into the bottom of a saucepan and place over medium-low heat; bring the water to a simmer and turn off the heat. Place a stainless steel bowl over the saucepan. Put the chocolate in the bowl and soften over the hot water. Place the sugar in a small skillet over medium-low heat and cook until it forms a dark liquid and begins to bubble, 7 to 9 minutes. Carefully pour the cream over the caramelized sugar. Cook and stir the mixture until the caramelized sugar is dissolved into the cream; immediately remove from heat. Pour the hot cream mixture over the warmed chocolate; stir quickly with a spatula until completely incorporated. Drop the mixture by the teaspoon onto the prepared baking sheet. Top each portion with a sprinkle of sea salt. Cover with plastic wrap. Gently press a second baking sheet onto the chocolate coins to flatten. Chill in refrigerator until firm. Dust with the cocoa.]
[Stir the orange marmalade, rice vinegar, hoisin sauce, soy sauce, and chili sauce together in a saucepan until combined. Place over medium-high heat, bring to a simmer, and cook until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes.]
[Mix the bison, garlic, breadcrumbs, egg, Worcestershire sauce, salt, and pepper in a large mixing bowl until evenly combined; divide the mixture into 24 portions and roll into balls. Heat the vegetable oil in a skillet over medium heat; cook the meatballs until nicely browned on all sides, 7 to 10 minutes. Add the chili sauce, orange marmalade, soy sauce, rice vinegar, and water to the skillet. Bring the mixture to a simmer, reduce heat to medium-low, and cook until the sauce thickens, about 1 hour.]
[Whisk together mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, yellow mustard, rice vinegar, honey, and hot sauce in a bowl.]
[Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Combine spinach artichoke dip and ricotta cheese in a bowl. Stir in egg, lemon juice, red pepper flakes, salt, and pepper; mix until well-combined. Set aside. Bring white sauce to a simmer over medium-low heat. Stir in grated Gruyere cheese until cheese is melted and incorporated into sauce, 1 to 2 minutes. Set aside. Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a boil. Stir in shells and return to a boil. Cook pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until cooked through, but still firm to the bite, about 11 minutes; drain. Set aside. Pour half the white sauce mixture into the bottom of a 9x13-inch casserole dish; spread evenly. Stuff pasta shells with the spinach artichoke mixture and place in casserole dish atop the white sauce, stuffed-side up. Pour remaining white sauce over the tops of the shells and sprinkle with Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown and bubbling, about 25 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Place asparagus in a baking dish and drizzle with 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet over medium-low heat. Add prosciutto; cook, stirring, until golden and rendered, 3 to 4 minutes. Sprinkle prosciutto and oil over asparagus. Season with black pepper and toss to coat. Roast in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Toss and return to oven until firm yet tender to the bite, 5 minutes. Fill a large saucepan with 2 to 3 inches of water and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, pour in vinegar and pinch of salt. Crack an egg into a bowl then gently slip the egg into the water. Repeat with remaining eggs. Poach eggs until whites are firm and yolks have thickened but are not hard, 4 to 6 minutes. Remove eggs from water with a slotted spoon, dab on a kitchen towel to remove excess water, then transfer to a warm plate. Drizzle asparagus with lemon juice. Transfer asparagus to plates, top with poached egg and pinch of lemon zest. Season with black pepper and serve.]
[Melt fat in a skillet over medium-high heat. Whisk flour into beef fat; cook, whisking constantly, until the mixture thickens, about 3 minutes. Pour beef broth into fat mixture; increase heat to high and bring mixture to a boil. Boil mixture until it thickens slightly; season with salt and pepper to taste.]
[Melt butter in a large stock pot over medium heat. Add garlic and let sizzle for about 30 seconds. Season with red pepper flakes and lemon zest, stirring for about 45 seconds. Quickly pour in wine into the pan and season with black pepper. Bring sauce to a boil, stir in mussels, and cover immediately. Shake pot and let boil for 1 minute. Stir mussels, replace cover, and let boil for 2 more minutes. The shells will begin to open. Stir in parsley, cover pot, and cook until all shells are open, 1 to 3 minutes. Serve with grilled bread and lemon wedge.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Generously season each rack of lamb with herbes de Provence, salt, and black pepper. Heat oil in a large skillet over high heat. Place lamb in skillet and cook, browning on all sides, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer lamb to a foil-lined baking sheet; set aside. Stir pistachios, bread crumbs, butter, olive oil, and a pinch of salt and black pepper in a bowl. Spread mustard on the fat-side of each rack of lamb. Pat pistachio mixture on top of mustard. Bake in the preheated oven until the crust is golden and lamb is pink in the center, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer to a plate and let rest 10 minutes before slicing.]
[Combine water, tripe, vinegar, salt, vanilla, and bay leaf in a large stockpot over high heat. Bring to a boil and skim off any foam that accumulates. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover pot, and simmer for 1 1/2 hours. Transfer tripe to a plate and set aside to cool. Reserve 1 to 2 cups of the cooking liquid. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add pancetta and onion; cook and stir until pancetta is browned and onion is translucent, 6 to 7 minutes. Stir garlic into pancetta mixture; cook and stir until aromatic, about 2 minutes. Stir marinara sauce, 1 cup reserved tripe liquid, and red pepper flakes into the pancetta mixture. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes. Cut tripe into 1-inch cubes and add to marinara-pancetta sauce; stir to combine. If needed, add 1 cup of the reserved tripe liquid. Simmer for 30 minutes. Mix garbanzo beans and mint into the sauce. Season with salt and black pepper to taste. Sprinkle with Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese and serve.]
[Boil potatoes in a large pot of salted water until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and transfer potatoes to a large bowl. Add 2 tablespoons butter and lightly mash the potatoes. Boil kale and leeks in a large pot of water until tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and transfer kale and leeks to a blender. Add white parts of the green onions and 2 more tablespoons butter; blend until smooth, scraping down sides as needed, 1 to 3 minutes. Stir pureed kale mixture into the bowl of potatoes and continue to mash. Season with salt and black pepper to taste. Add cream and stir until desired texture. Top with 2 tablespoons butter and green parts of the green onions.]
[Melt butter in a heavy skillet over medium heat. Add onion; cook and stir until onion starts to brown, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and black. Mix ground turkey and 1/2 cup cold water into onions. Cook and stir, breaking up the meat, until it begins to brown, about 2 minutes. Add ketchup, brown sugar, cayenne pepper, salt, and black pepper. Cook and stir until liquid is reduced, about 5 minutes. Stir in Worcestershire sauce and cocoa powder. Cook, stirring frequently and adding up to 1 cup water if needed, until meat is cooked through and liquid is reduced and thick, 20 to 30 minutes. Preheat the oven's broiler and set the oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source. Toast hamburger buns until golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove turkey mixture from the heat and mix in green onions and Cheddar cheese. Serve on toasted hamburger buns.]
[Whisk together flour, cornstarch, dry potato flakes, and cayenne pepper in a large bowl. Whisk in club soda to make a smooth batter. Place panko bread crumbs in a shallow bowl. Heat oil in a deep fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place a few onion rings at a time into the bowl of batter and turn to coat all sides with batter. Remove onion rings from batter and place into pan of panko bread crumbs; turn to coat completely with crumbs. Cook a few rings at a time in the hot oil until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a cooling rack set over paper towels to drain. Season with salt to taste and serve.]
[Whisk olive oil, rice vinegar, sherry vinegar, mayonnaise, salt, and black pepper in a bowl until smooth. Place escarole, peach slices, goat cheese, and walnuts in a large bowl; drizzle in vinegar mixture and toss to coat.]
[Combine ground turkey, breadcrumbs, almonds, chili paste, garlic, ginger, salt, garam masala, lemon juice, yogurt, and cilantro; mix thoroughly with a spatula or clean hands. Shape ground turkey mixture into a ball and divide in 4 even pieces; refrigerate for 1 hour. Form each piece into a patty with damp hands. Preheat grill to medium heat and refrigerate turkey burger patties until the grill is hot. Grill turkey burgers until patty appears to be cooked about half way up the side and then flip, grilling each side for about 4 to 5 minutes. Burger is done when surface is cracked and juices start to rise to the top.]
[Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Whisk egg yolks and brown sugar together in a large bowl. Stir in heavy cream, pumpkin puree, allspice, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt.        Watch Now, Divide pumpkin mixture between seven (5-inch) ramekins about 1/2 inch from the top.        Watch Now, Place the ramekins in a baking dish and fill with the baking dish hot water to reach halfway up the sides of the ramekins.        Watch Now, Bake in preheated oven until just set, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove ramekins and refrigerate until completely cool, at least 2 hours.        Watch Now, Sprinkle about 1 tablespoon of sugar onto each creme brulee. Melt the sugar with a chef's torch until crisp and dark brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Allow to cool before serving.        Watch Now]
[Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing.]
[Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, pumpkin pie spice, and flour in a small bowl. Beat cream cheese in a large bowl until fluffy. Beat in eggs, pumpkin puree, sour cream, vanilla extract, almond extract, and sugar and spice mixture; mix until smooth and thoroughly combined. Spoon mixture evenly into the mini pie crusts. Bake in preheated oven until cheesecakes are set, about 30 minutes. Cool on wire racks for 10 minutes. Refrigerate for 90 minutes before serving. To serve, top each mini cheesecake with whipped cream and a pinch of cinnamon.]
[Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Scrub and dry potatoes, then prick several times with a fork and place onto a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until the potatoes are easily pierced with a fork, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Remove, cool, and cut into slices about 1/4-inch thick. Sprinkle cornmeal over a half sheet pan. Stretch pizza dough over cornmeal to fit the pan; spread pesto sauce over dough. Lay potatoes over the pesto in a single layer; season with salt and pepper to taste and sprinkle Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese over potatoes. Sprinkle Fontina cheese, red onion slices, and feta cheese on top. Bake in the preheated oven on the bottom rack for 10 minutes. Transfer pan to the middle rack and bake until crust is light golden and crisp, 5 to 7 minutes.]
[Mix the bread flour and flax seed meal together on a clean surface or in a bowl. Make a well in the center for the flour mixture, then crack the eggs into the center. Mix the eggs with your fingers. Gradually incorporate the flour from the sides of the well until dough is firm. Knead dough until smooth, about 5 minutes. Remove excess flour, allow the dough to rest for 1 minute. Roll out the dough with a pasta machine or with a rolling pin until very thin. Sprinkle the sheets with a little flour, roll up each sheet of pasta, then slice them into strips. Toss with flour and set aside until ready to cook. Heat a large skillet over high heat. Stir in the beef, onion, garlic, and carrots. Cook and stir until the beef is crumbly, evenly browned, and no longer pink. Drain and discard any excess grease. Stir in the oregano, garlic powder, bay leaf, salt, and black pepper. Add the tomatoes and water. Bring to boil, then reduce heat to medium-low and continue to simmer for 1 to 1 1/2 hours. Pour all but 2 cups of the sauce in an airtight container and freeze for future use. Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Once the water is boiling, stir in the noodles, and return to a boil. Cook until the pasta floats to the top, 4 to 5 minutes; drain. Stir butter and Parmesan cheese into reserved 2 cups of sauce over medium heat. Stir noodles into sauce, and toss until pasta is well-coated. Serve in large bowls with more Parmesan cheese.]
[Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease 16 muffin cups, or line with paper muffin liners. Beat butter and sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Stir in eggs until well mixed. Add vegetable oil, stir to combine. Whisk sour cream, milk, and lemon zest into butter mixture until smooth. Whisk flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a small bowl. Stir half the flour mixture into the butter mixture until combined. Add remaining half of flour mixture and blueberries into the batter, folding together until just combined. Spoon batter into prepared muffin cups. Place muffin cups on center rack of the preheated oven and bake until tops are golden and a toothpick inserted into the center of a muffin comes out clean, about 30 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease a 9x13 inch casserole dish. Heat 2 tablespoons of butter in a large skillet over medium heat.  Stir the onions into the pan; cook and stir until very soft and golden brown, about 15 minutes. Stir in sherry vinegar. Transfer to a small bowl, and reserve. In the same skillet, melt 2 more tablespoons butter. Whisk in 2 tablespoons flour. Stirring constantly, cook over medium heat until the flour smells like baked pie crust, about 3 minutes. Slowly whisk in milk, about 1/2 cup at a time, then whisk in nutmeg, cayenne pepper, and thyme. Bring to simmer, and cook until thickened, whisking constantly, 3 more minutes.  Transfer to a bowl and reserve. Melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter in clean skillet; stir in panko until all crumbs are coated; reserve. Bring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil over medium heat, and boil beans until bright green and crisp but not raw tasting,  3 to 4 minutes. Drain very well. Spoon half of the caramelized onions into the prepared casserole dish; top with green beans. Season with salt and black pepper. Spread reserved white sauce over the green beans; sprinkle with half of the Gruyere cheese. Top with the rest of the onions, and use the back of a spoon to push onions down into sauce and cheese. Top with the buttered panko crumbs, the remaining Gruyere, and Parmesan cheese. Bake in the preheated oven until hot throughout and lightly browned, about 30 minutes. Let sit 10 minutes before serving.]
[Melt butter in a stockpot over medium heat until golden brown. Stir in carrot, celery, onion, ham, and garlic; cook and stir for 5-6 minutes, until the vegetables soften and the onions are translucent. Stir in flour; cook for about 3 minutes. Stir in chicken broth, 1 cup at a time. Add water and stir to combine. Turn the heat to high and bring to a simmer. Simmer on medium-low for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Taste the soup for salt and add more if necessary. Stir in potatoes; cook for 15 minutes, until potatoes are tender. Skim fat if desired. With a potato masher, mash the soup a few times, leaving plenty of whole chunks of potato. Season with salt and pepper to taste, add cayenne if desired, and add cream. Stir to combine and heat through. Garnish with fresh chives.]
[Heat oil in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Place turkey necks in the Dutch oven and cook until golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in onion, celery, and carrot; cook and stir until onion is soft and slightly brown, about 5 minutes. Pour Marsala wine over turkey necks; increase heat to high and bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits off of the bottom of the pan. Simmer until wine is reduced by half, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in water, 1/4 ounce dried porcini mushrooms, garlic, and bay leaf. Bring to a boil then decrease heat to low; simmer, skimming any foam or fat that rises to the top. Cover the Dutch oven almost completely; simmer until meat is falling off the bones, 4 to 5 hours. Strain turkey stock carefully into a clean container and cool completely, about 2 hours. Place 1/4 ounce dry porcini mushrooms in a bowl and cover with warm water; soak until mushrooms are soft enough to dice, about 15 minutes. Drain, squeezing out excess water, and dice. Set aside. Melt butter in saucepan over medium heat. Add diced porcini mushrooms; cook and stir until browned, about 5 minutes. Stir flour into mushrooms and butter; cook and stir until flour is no longer gritty, about 3 minutes. Whisk in turkey stock, increase heat to medium-high and bring to a simmer. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until sauce is 1/3 reduced and thick, 15 to 20 minutes. Stir in cream, season with salt and pepper to taste.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).        Watch Now, Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook egg noodles in boiling water, stirring occasionally until almost cooked through and still firm to the bite, about 4 minutes. Drain.        Watch Now, Melt butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in flour; cook, stirring, until mixture is light golden, about 3 minutes.        Watch Now, Pour milk into butter and flour mixture, whisking constantly. Stir in cream of mushroom soup, red bell pepper, green bell pepper, green onions, garam masala, and dried tarragon. Bring mixture to a simmer, cook for 2 minutes. Remove from heat.        Watch Now, Stir in pepperjack cheese until cheese is melted and incorporated.        Watch Now, Stir pepperjack cheese mixture, turkey meat, and noodles in a large bowl until evenly incorporated. Pour mixture into a large casserole dish. Sprinkle chips on top, pressing down slightly with the tines of a fork. Bake in the preheated oven until casserole top is golden brown and sauce is bubbling, about 30 minutes.        Watch Now]
[Place artichoke heart halves on a paper towel cut-side down to drain for about 15 minutes. Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and lightly coat with vegetable oil. Place artichoke heart halves on the prepared baking sheet, cut side up. Season with salt and pepper, sprinkle with breadcrumbs and Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, and drizzle with olive oil. Broil artichoke hearts until browned on top, about 7 minutes. Serve with lemon wedges.]
[Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Place artichokes stem-side down in a bowl and drizzle with lemon juice. Slightly separate the artichoke leaves with your hands. Insert a knife blade into the center of each artichoke to create a garlic clove-size space. Drizzle each artichoke with olive oil. Press 1 clove of garlic into the center of each artichoke and season with salt. Tightly wrap each artichoke twice with heavy-duty aluminum foil. Place in baking dish and bake in the preheated oven until sizzling, about 1 hour 20 minutes]
[Preheat grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate. Whisk orange juice, brown sugar, rice vinegar, soy sauce, chile paste, fish sauce, and garlic in a large bowl. Add skirt steak and marinate for 15 minutes. Cook steaks on the preheated grill until they are browned and are hot and slightly pink in the center, about 4 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 140 degrees F (60 degrees C).]
[Whisk together water, egg and salt in a large bowl until salt has dissolved. Stir in dry potato flakes until incorporated. Stir in 1 tablespoon of chopped chives; season with black pepper and cayenne pepper. Heat oil and butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Swirl the pan to combine. Divide potato mixture into four equal portions and shape into pancakes. Place the pancakes in the pan and reduce heat to medium. Cook until a well-browned crust has formed onto the bottom of the pancakes, about 10 minutes. Flip each pancake and flatten slightly. Cook until other sides are browned, 7 to 8 more minutes. Transfer to plate; top each pancake with a dollop of sour cream and sprinkle each with 3/4 teaspoon chives.]
[Preheat an oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil; oil lightly. Combine bread crumbs and milk in a small bowl. Soak bread crumbs until milk is absorbed, about 30 minutes. Combine bread crumb mixture, lamb, egg, garlic, olive oil, tomato paste, rosemary, cumin, salt, oregano, black pepper, cinnamon, and cayenne pepper in a large bowl. Form lamb mixture into 2-inch meatballs and place on the prepared baking sheet. Cook meatballs in the preheated oven until they are slightly browned, about 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside. Combine meatballs, tomato sauce, chicken stock, fresh mint, and red pepper flakes in a large sauce pan over medium heat until meatballs are no longer pink inside, about 45 minutes.]
[Cook asparagus in a saucepan of boiling water until bright green but still crisp, about 2 minutes. Transfer asparagus to ice water to stop the cooking process. Drain and set aside. Melt butter in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Whisk in flour and stir until mixture becomes paste-like and light golden brown, about 2 minutes. Whisk milk into butter-flour mixture; bring to a simmer and cook until thick, 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and cayenne pepper. Place milk mixture, garlic, and asparagus in a blender and puree until smooth. Pour asparagus mixture into a large bowl; stir in egg yolks and Cheddar cheese. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) Generously butter 4 (6-ounce) ramekins Beat egg whites in a large glass or metal mixing bowl until soft peaks form. Lift your beater or whisk straight up: the egg whites will form soft mounds rather than a sharp peak Stir half of egg whites into asparagus cheese mixture until just combined. Gently fold remaining egg whites into mixture. Fill prepared ramekins about 3/4 full and place on a baking sheet; bake in the preheated oven until edges are golden brown, about 20 to 25 minutes]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter the inside edges of a 2-quart casserole dish. Stir flour, 1/2 teaspoon salt, sugar, black pepper, fresh thyme, and milk together in a large bowl until smooth. Whisk eggs and lemon zest into milk mixture to form a smooth batter. Melt butter in a heavy skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir asparagus and 1/4 teaspoon salt in melted butter until the asparagus turns dark green and is coated with butter, 1 to 2 minutes. Layer asparagus in the bottom of the prepared casserole dish. Pour batter evenly over the top. Bake in the preheated oven until the pie has puffed up and is browned around the edges, 40 to 45 minutes.]
[Heat oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Stir in prosciutto and cook until crisp, about 3-4 minutes. Place asparagus in the skillet, and toss gently until coated with oil. Pour in water and cover with lid; cook for 1 minute. Remove lid, stir in garlic and cook for 1 minute with lid on. Remove lid and cook uncovered until the spears are still crisp but tender, about 2-3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Squeeze lemon juice over the top.]
[Preheat oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Mix ancho chile powder, white sugar, brown sugar, salt, black pepper, cumin, dry mustard, cayenne pepper, and chipotle pepper in a small bowl until combined. Place ribs meat-side down on aluminum foil. Prick back of rib rack several times with a knife. Generously apply coating of dry rub to all sides of rib rack. With rib rack meat-side down, fold foil around it to create a tight seal. Transfer to sheet pan. Bake in preheated oven until tender and cooked through, about 2 hours. Remove and cool 15 minutes. Increase oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Open foil, drain and discard any accumulated juices and fat. Brush barbeque sauce on all sides of rack. Place rack meat-side up and return to oven, leaving foil open. Bake for 10 minutes, remove from oven, and brush another layer of barbeque sauce on meat-side only. Repeat baking and brushing with sauce 4 more times, for a total of 50 minutes baking time. Cut rack into individual rib segments and serve with more barbeque sauce.]
[Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Set eight (5 1/2 ounce) ramekins into a large baking dish. Stir together 1 1/4 cups sugar and water in a saucepan over medium heat; cook and stir until dark amber, about 10 minutes. Quickly divide the caramel among the ramekins; set aside. Whisk eggs, cinnamon, salt, cloves, ginger, allspice, mace, and 1/3 cup sugar together in a large bowl. Stir in pumpkin puree until smooth. Heat milk in a saucepan over medium-low heat until it starts to gently bubble and steam. Remove from heat. Place vanilla bean seeds and pod in milk. Allow to soak for 10 minutes. Slowly strain hot milk mixture into the egg mixture and whisk to form a thin custard. Divide the custard evenly among the ramekins, leaving about 1/4 inch at the top of each. Fill baking dish with hot water to reach halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Cover the baking dish with heavy-duty aluminum foil. Bake in the preheated oven until the flan is just set, 45 to 50 minutes. Remove ramekins from hot water to cool completely. Cover and refrigerate until cold, at least four hours. Run a knife around the inside edge of each ramekin and place an overturned plate on top. Invert and release the flan. Garnish and serve.]
[Place butter and sausage in a large stockpot over medium heat; cook and stir for 5-6 minutes until sausage begins to brown. Stir in paprika, cumin and cayenne; cook for 1 minute. Stir tomatoes, onions, celery, green pepper, green onions, salt, and bay leaf into sausage mixture. Add brown rice and stir to combine. Stir in chicken stock and turn heat to low. Cover and cook for until rice is just tender, about 45 minutes. Stir in shrimp, replace lid and cook for 5 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper.]
[Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add 8 green onions and cook uncovered until slightly softened, about 30 seconds. Immediately immerse in ice water for several minutes until cold to stop the cooking process. Once the onions are cold, drain well, and set aside. Cook bacon in a large skillet over medium-low heat until browned, about 8 minutes. Stir in garlic, leek, salt, and butter; cook and stir until leek is softened, about 10 minutes. Add potatoes and enough water to cover, about 3 cups. Season with salt and cayenne pepper. Bring to a simmer, reduce heat to low and cook until potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes. Set aside. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line a baking dish with parchment paper lightly coated with vegetable oil. Prepare each salmon filet salmon by cutting the belly, the bottom 1/3 of the fillet, off the skin. Cut remaining 2/3 of fillet away from skin. Cut this piece in half. Cut belly in half horizontally. Spread each piece with tarragon mustard and top with a slice salmon belly. Season with salt and black pepper. Wrap each salmon packet with two green onions, crisscrossing like ribbons, tucking the ends on the underside. Place salmon packets, belly-side up, on the parchment and drizzle each with vegetable oil. Bake in the preheated oven until the salmon is slightly firm to the touch and no longer translucent inside, about 15 minutes. Heat potato leek soup and stir in chopped green onion. Season with salt and black pepper. Serve soup in shallow bowls, topped with 1 salmon packet and garnished with chili paste.]
[Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Season beef generously with salt and black pepper; place meat in the skillet and cook until brown on all sides, 5 to 10 minutes. Transfer to plate and set aside. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil over medium-low heat in the pot of a pressure cooker. Stir onion and garlic into pot; cook until almost translucent, 4 to 6 minutes. Stir in ancho chile powder, paprika, cumin, black pepper, chipotle chile powder, cayenne pepper, and oregano; cook until fragrant, 2 minutes. Add diced tomatoes, beef, and water; stir to combine. Lock the lid of your pressure cooker. Increase heat to high and bring to full pressure. Reduce heat to low to maintain pressure; cook for 15 minutes. Remove from heat and let rest 10 minutes. Ensure that pressure is fully released and remove the lid. Return uncovered pressure cooker to burner over high heat. Stir in corn chips and bring to a boil; cook for 5 minutes. Garnish with cilantro and green onion.]
[Cook and stir bacon with butter in a skillet over medium heat until crisp. Drain bacon fat, set bacon aside, and place skillet back onto medium heat. Add jalapeno, red pepper, diced celery, garlic, and green onions; cook and stir until vegetables start to soften, about 3 minutes. Pour in reserved clam juice and cook until most of the liquid has evaporated. Transfer vegetable mixture to plate to cool. Open second can of clams and drain juice, combine with reserved clams, cream cheese, bacon, cooled vegetables, juice from lemon, and freshly ground black pepper and hot sauce to taste. Transfer to serving bowl and garnish with chopped bacon and green onion. Serve with crackers.]
[Generously season both sides of roast with salt and pepper. Sprinkle flour over the top until well coated, and pat it into the meat. Shake off any excess. Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat until hot. Sear the roast on both sides for 5-6 minutes each, until well browned. Remove from the skillet and set aside. Reduce the heat to medium and stir in mushrooms and butter; cook for 3-4 minutes. Stir in onion; cook for 5 minutes, until onions are translucent and begin to brown. Add garlic, stir for about a minute. Stir in 1 1/2 tablespoons flour; cook and stir for about 1 minute. Add tomato paste, and cook for another minute. Slowly add chicken stock, stir to combine, and return to a simmer. Remove skillet from the heat. Place carrots and celery in the slow cooker. Place roast over the vegetables and pour in any accumulated juices. Add rosemary and thyme. Pour onion and mushroom mixture over the top of the roast. Cover slow cooker, turn to high and cook the roast for 5-6 hours, until the meat is fork tender. Skim off any fat from the surface and remove the bones. Season with salt and pepper to taste.]
[Stir chocolate, instant coffee, and salt together in a medium bowl. Heat cream, sugar, and vanilla in a saucepan over medium heat, stirring constantly, until it just begins to simmer. Pour hot cream mixture over the chocolate mixture; let sit for 1 minute. Whisk the chocolate and cream mixture for 1-2 minutes until combined. Pour the mixture into four small espresso cups. Tap to remove any air bubbles. Chill thoroughly in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours. Serve topped with grated chocolate, or add lightly whipped cream and dust with cocoa powder.]
[Place rib roast on a plate and bring to room temperature, about 4 hours. Preheat an oven to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C). Combine butter, pepper, and herbes de Provence in a bowl; mix until well blended. Spread butter mixture evenly over entire roast. Season roast generously with kosher salt. Roast the 4-pound prime rib (see footnote if using a larger and smaller roast) in the preheated oven for 20 minutes. Turn the oven off and, leaving the roast in the oven with the door closed, let the roast sit in the oven for 2 hours. Remove roast from the oven, slice, and serve.]
[Cook and stir garlic cloves and 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large pot over medium heat until lightly browned and fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Add cauliflower, water, Italian herbs, red pepper flakes, salt, and black pepper to taste. Bring water to a boil, cover, and cook until cauliflower is tender, about 10 minutes. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until cooked through but firm to the bite, about 12 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large serving bowl. Meanwhile, combine bread crumbs, 1/3 cup Parmesan cheese, and 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir until cheese has melted and mixture is browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Turn off heat, sprinkle with salt to taste, and mix in basil; set aside. Add cream to cauliflower mixture and puree in the pot with a stick blender until smooth and creamy. Stir in 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese until melted; season with freshly ground black pepper to taste. Mix in lemon juice with spaghetti and stir in Alfredo sauce to coat pasta. Serve topped with a sprinkle of Parmesan cheese and the seasoned bread crumb mixture.]
[Spread about a tablespoon of brie (including the rind) on the crackers. Top with a thin slice of pear. Coarsely grind black pepper on the pears.]
[Generously butter the inside of 4 (5 1/2 ounce) ramekins. Place them in a casserole dish. Whisk together egg yolks, eggs, and sugar in a bowl until light, foamy, and lemon colored. Melt chocolate and butter in a microwave-safe bowl in 30-second intervals, stirring after each melting, 1 to 3 minutes. Stir melted chocolate mixture into egg and sugar mixture until combined. Sift cocoa powder into the mixture; stir to combine. Sift flour and salt into the mixture; stir to combine into a batter. Stir vanilla extract into the batter. Transfer batter to a resealable plastic bag. Snip one corner of the bag with scissors to create a tip. Divide batter evenly between the prepared ramekins; tap gently on the counter to remove any air bubbles. Refrigerate 30 minutes. Preheat an oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Arrange the ramekins in a casserole dish. Pour enough hot tap water into the casserole dish to reach halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Bake in the preheated over for 15-18 minutes. Set aside to cool for 15 minutes. Loosen the edges from the ramekin with a knife. Invert each cake onto a plate and dust with powdered sugar.]
[Place ground beef and onion in a large skillet. Turn heat to medium and cook and stir the mixture constantly until the beef is browned and forms small crumbles, about 10 minutes. Stir in garlic and green bell pepper; cook and stir until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add 1 cup water and stir, scraping the pan to dissolve any brown flavor bits from the bottom of the skillet. Mix in ketchup, Worcestershire sauce, brown sugar, Dijon mustard, salt, and black pepper. Add 1 more cup water and return mixture to a simmer. Reduce heat to low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the liquid has evaporated and the mixture is thick, about 40 minutes. Season with salt , black pepper, and cayenne pepper to taste.]
[Stir sour cream, horseradish, chives, lemon juice, and cayenne pepper in a bowl. Cover and let sit for at least 2 hours.]
[Place black-eyed peas into a large container and cover with several inches of cool water; let stand 8 hours to overnight. Drain and set aside. Cook pork necks and bacon in a Dutch oven over medium heat until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in onion, celery, and carrot; cook and stir until softened, 6 to 7 minutes. Stir in garlic and cook 1 minute. Pour cold water and black-eyed peas into pork mixture; increase heat to high. Stir in bay leaf, thyme, cumin, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Bring mixture to a simmer, reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer for 45 minutes. Stir in tomatoes and salt. Simmer uncovered until beans are tender, about 40 minutes. Remove neck bones from mixture; separate any meat from bones, return meat to Dutch oven, and discard bones. Stir in diced ham and kale; cook until greens are tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Serve over rice.]
[Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a 9x13-inch casserole dish with cooking spray. Cook and stir ground beef in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat until meat starts to brown and release juices, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium and stir in poblano peppers, salt, salsa, oregano, and chipotle powder; cook and stir until seasoned beef is crumbly and no longer pink, about 10 minutes. Mix one package of corn muffin mix in a large bowl with 1 egg and 1/3 cup of milk. Whisk to combine. In a separate large bowl, mix the second package of corn muffin mix with 1 egg, 1/3 cup of milk and half the Cheddar and Monterey Jack cheeses. Spread the prepared corn muffin mixture without cheese into the prepared baking dish. Sprinkle corn over the muffin mix, followed by remaining half of the cheeses, then the beef mixture. Spoon the corn muffin mix with cheese on top of the beef and carefully spread over the top with a fork, leaving about half an inch from the edges of the pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 50-60 minutes, until golden brown.]
[Combine flour, salt, and butter in a food processor. Pulse until mixture resembles coarse crumbs, about 10 1-second pulses. Stir water and vinegar in a small bowl. Pour half the ice water and vinegar mixture into the flour and butter mixture. Pulse to combine, about 3 (1-second) pulses. Pour in remaining ice water and vinegar mixture. Pulse until mixture just starts to come together, about 8 (1-second) pulses. Turn dough out onto a wooden surface, pat into round shape and divide in half. Form each half into a disc about 5 inches wide. Wrap each disc in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes until ready to use.]
[Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line muffin tin with paper baking cups. Spray each cup with cooking spray. Stir together muffin mix, egg, milk, and 1/4 cup of shredded cheese in a bowl until combined. Fill muffin cups halfway with batter. Add 1 to 2 tablespoons of pulled pork to each cup. Top with remaining batter. Use the remaining 1/4 of shredded cheese to top each muffin. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the batter comes out clean, about 20 minutes.]
[Mix water, salt, 1/3 cup maple syrup, garlic, ginger, rosemary, black pepper, and red pepper flakes in a large bowl. Place pork loin in brine mixture and refrigerate for 8 to 10 hours. Remove pork from brine, pat dry, and season all sides with salt and black pepper. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Heat vegetable oil in an oven-proof skillet over high heat. Cook pork, turning to brown each side, about 10 minutes total. Transfer skillet to the oven and roast until pork is browned, about 40 minutes. Mix 2 tablespoons maple syrup and Dijon mustard together in a small bowl. Remove pork roast from the oven and spread maple syrup mixture on all sides. Cook for an additional 15 minutes, until the pork is no longer pink in the center. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C).]
[Preheat an oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Fill a large pot with water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Place Brussels sprouts in water and cook for 2 minutes. Remove sprouts from water and transfer to ice water to cool. Drain and pat dry. Set aside. Place onions in boiling water; cook until nearly tender, about 10 minutes. Remove from water, rinse with cold water, and pat dry. Set aside. Melt butter in an ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Stir in Brussels sprouts and onions; toss with butter to coat. Stir in salt and black pepper; cook for 2 minutes. Transfer skillet to the preheated oven and roast until golden and tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Garnish with lemon wedges and serve.]
[Heat butter and olive oil in a skillet over high heat until butter is melted and begins to brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir Brussels sprouts and lemon juice into butter and oil; cook, stirring constantly, until sprouts are just heated through and starting to soften, about 45 seconds. Remove from heat. Season with salt and pepper and serve.]
[Pour chocolate syrup into a large glass. Pour milk on top of chocolate syrup; stir until completely incorporated and smooth, about 30 seconds. Slowly pour seltzer water into chocolate mixture, stirring constantly. Mixture will foam and bubble. Serve immediately.]
[Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Place onion, celery, and carrot in a large, shallow roasting pan. Place turkey, breast side up, on top of the vegetables in the roasting pan. Pat the outside and inside of the turkey dry with paper towels. Combine salt, black pepper and cayenne pepper in a small bowl. Season the inside of the turkey with about 1/3 of the salt mixture. Fold wing tips under the bird. Melt butter in small saucepan over medium heat until the edges begin to turn golden, about 2 minutes. Cook and stir rosemary and sage for 1 minute. Place rosemary and sage inside the cavity of the turkey; reserve melted butter. Tie the legs together with twine. Brush outside of the turkey completely with the melted butter. Season with remaining 2/3 of the salt mixture. Bake turkey, uncovered, in the preheated oven until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, about 3 hours. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone should read 180 degrees F (82 degrees C). Remove the turkey from the oven and allow to rest in a warm area 10 to 15 minutes before slicing.]
[Heat olive oil over medium heat in a large skillet. Stir in ham and cook until the edges are slightly browned, about 3 minutes. Stir in garlic; cook until fragrant and edges are barely golden, about 1 minute. Pour chicken broth over ham and garlic; bring to a simmer. Stir in butternut squash, red pepper flakes, and salt. Cook until squash is tender, about 15 minutes. Stir in black pepper and reduce heat to low. Gently stir mascarpone cheese into squash mixture until completely incorporated. Stir in Italian parsley. Remove from heat and cover. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until cooked through but firm to the bite, about 12 minutes. Drain and return to pot. Pour butternut-mascarpone sauce over spaghetti, stirring until combined. Sprinkle Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese over spaghetti and serve.]
[Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in large stock pot over medium-high heat. Add pancetta; cook and stir until it begins to brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in onions and celery; cook and stir until onions start to turn translucent, about 3 minutes. Stir in minced garlic and cook for another minute. Pour chicken broth, water, and plum tomatoes into the pancetta and onion mixture. Bring to a simmer. Stir cranberry beans, cabbage, garbanzo beans, red pepper flakes, Italian seasoning, and 2 teaspoons salt into broth mixture. Bring to a simmer and cook until cranberry beans are tender, adding more water as needed if the soup becomes too thick, about 45 minutes. Stir in Swiss chard and simmer until softened, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper to taste. Stir in pasta and increase heat to medium-high and simmer until pasta is tender, about 15 minutes. Ladle into bowls and top with extra virgin olive oil, Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, and Italian parsley.]
[Place crumbled brownies in a bowl. Pour rum over brownies, let soak for 1 minute; stir until mixture forms a paste-like consistency. Using a 1-inch sorbet scoop or melon baller, scoop out balls of chocolate-rum mixture and transfer each to the plate lined with plastic wrap. Place the plate with chocolate balls in freezer for 15 to 20 minutes, or until firm enough to roll. Remove from freezer, roll each into a smooth ball; return plate to freezer. Melt 3 ounces chocolate in the top of a double boiler over simmering water, stirring frequently and scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching. Remove from heat. Add remaining 1 ounce chocolate; stir until  chocolate is melted and combined. Remove chocolate balls from freezer; place one ball in melted chocolate and gently move around with a fork to coat completely. Transfer to baking sheet lined with a silicone baking mat. Repeat for remaining chocolate balls. Dust chocolate rum balls with cocoa powder and serve.]
[Heat oil over medium heat in a saucepan until it reaches 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Pour ground chipotle peppers into a heatproof bowl. Pour oil over chipotle; whisk until chipotle is dissolved. Cover bowl with aluminum foil and seal tightly. Leave for a week, stirring once per day. Pour chipotle oil through a fine mesh strainer into a bottle or glass container.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Remove top wing flat section from each wing. Place goose, breast-side up, in a baking dish or roasting pan. Combine wing sections, water, wine, and star anise in a saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer until meat falls off the bone, about 2 hours. Remove bones and star anise; discard. Roast goose in the preheated oven until completely heated through, about 1 1/4 hours. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone should read 150 degrees F (66 degrees C). Stir balsamic vinegar, blackberry jam, and black pepper into red wine mixture; bring to simmer over medium heat. Simmer until reduced by three quarters, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat. Whisk in cold butter until completely incorporated. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Brush melted goose fat from bottom of pan onto the goose breast. Drizzle with sauce and serve.]
[Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Melt butter in a small saucepan over medium-low heat. Combine sugar and cocoa powder in a large bowl; stir in melted butter until mixture is smooth. Stir in 1 egg, vanilla, and salt. Mix in second egg. Fold in flour and transfer to ungreased 8x8-inch square baking dish. Bake in the preheated oven for about 35 minutes. Remove from oven and cool in the baking dish for 10 minutes before removing to cool completely on a wire rack. Mix powdered sugar, milk, and mint extract in a bowl until smooth. Pour icing over cooled brownies. Spread evenly and allow to set, about 30 minutes. Slice into 16 brownies.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and lightly flour a 9-inch square baking pan. Whisk flour, ginger, baking soda, cinnamon, salt, and Chinese five-spice powder in a bowl. Stir sugar, molasses, oil, and egg into flour mixture until just combined. Pour in boiling water and whisk until the batter is smooth and shiny, about 1 minute. Pour batter into prepared baking pan. Tap pan gently on the counter to remove any air bubbles. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 35 minutes. Mix powdered sugar, lemon juice, and lemon zest in a bowl until sugar dissolves. Pour lemon juice mixture over cake while cake is still hot. Spread the mixture around with a spatula to ensure even distribution. Let cake cool completely before serving.]
[Combine porcini mushrooms and water in a bowl; soak until soft, 1 hour. Drain and reserve liquid. Dice and set mushrooms and reserved liquid aside. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Season beef generously with salt and pepper. Heat vegetable oil in a large ovenproof skillet over high heat. Place beef in the skillet; cook until brown on all sides, 5 to 8 minutes per side. Reduce heat to medium and stir in 1 tablespoon butter, shallots, and a pinch of salt; cook until shallots are soft and translucent, 5 to 7 minutes. Pour tarragon vinegar into the skillet and bring to a boil while scraping any browned bits off of the bottom. Stir until liquid is reduced by half, 2 to 4 minutes. Pour in veal stock, cream, 1/2 cup reserved mushroom liquid, mushrooms, salt, and pepper; stir to combine. Return beef to the skillet. Roast in the preheated oven until meat is medium rare, about 45 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 130 degrees F (54 degrees C). Transfer meat to a plate and loosely tent with foil. Set skillet over high heat and bring pan juices to a boil. Stir in 1 tablespoon butter and tarragon; season with salt and pepper to taste. Return tenderloin and any accumulated juices to skillet and serve.]
[Cook and stir bacon with 1/4 cup vegetable in a skillet over medium heat until bacon is browned and crisp, 5 to 7 minutes. Pour bacon into a strainer set over a bowl, reserving 1/3 cup of bacon drippings. Return skillet to medium heat. Stir onions and salt into the skillet; cook and stir until onions are golden brown, about 5 minutes. Stir in garlic; cook, stirring constantly, until the garlic is fragrant and golden, 1 minute. Stir cider vinegar, rice vinegar, 1/2 cup water, sugar, and Dijon mustard into onion mixture. Increase heat to medium-high and simmer. Whisk 2 teaspoons water and cornstarch in a bowl. Gradually pour cornstarch mixture into onion mixture and whisk until thickened. 3 to 4 minutes. Reduce heat to low. Drizzle reserved 1/3 cup bacon drippings into onion mixture, whisking constantly. Add cooked bacon and stir to combine. Season with cayenne pepper, salt, and black pepper to taste. Combine spinach, black-eyed peas, mushrooms, and cherry tomatoes in a large bowl; toss to combine. Drizzle hot bacon dressing over spinach mixture; toss quickly and serve immediately.]
[Stir together yeast, 1/2 cup flour and warm water in a large bowl. Cover and let sit in a warm spot for about 30 minutes. Stir beer, remaining flour and salt into the bowl. Mix until all the flour is incorporated and forms a thick sticky dough that pulls away from the sides of the bowl. Cover and let rise in a warm spot for 2 hours, until doubled in size. Scrape all the dough from the bowl with a rubber spatula, and place on a well-floured surface. Generously flour the top of the dough and form into a loaf shape. Sprinkle a baking sheet with cornmeal. Transfer loaf to the baking sheet and sprinkle the top with flour. Cover loosely with a towel and let rise for 30-40 minutes. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Place a small loaf pan of warm water on a lower rack to humidify the oven. Slash a long slit in the top of the loaf with a sharp knife or razor. Place the baking sheet on the rack above the pan of warm water in the oven. Bake for 35 minutes, until the loaf is golden brown. Transfer to a cooling rack. Let cool completely before slicing and serving.]
[Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook pasta in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until cooked through but firm to the bite, 8 minutes. Drain and set aside in a large bowl. Melt butter in saucepan over medium heat. Stir in apple; cook and stir until golden around the edges, about 3 minutes. Stir in chicken broth and increase heat to medium high and simmer 2 minutes. Reduce heat to low. Stir in goat cheese, 2 tablespoons at a time, to apple broth mixture, stirring well to incorporate after each addition. Remove from heat. Mix apple and goat cheese mixture with drained pasta until combined. Stir in walnuts, thyme, cayenne pepper, salt, and black pepper.]
[Partially fill the bottom of a double boiler with water, and bring the water to a boil. Pour 2 cups of water into the top of the double boiler with the salt. Place the top of the boiler onto the bottom. Whisk 1 cup of sugar with the cornstarch in a bowl until all lumps are gone, and whisk the mixture into the water until smooth. Cook, whisking constantly, until the mixture is thickened and translucent. In a large bowl, beat the egg whites with an electric mixer until they form stiff peaks. Pour in the hot cornstarch mixture in a slow, steady stream, beating constantly, until the mixture is fluffy and forms peaks. Beat in 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract. Spread the filling into the baked pie shell in an even layer, and chill in refrigerator. With an electric mixer, beat the cream with 1 teaspoon of sugar and 1/2 teaspoon of vanilla extract in a large metal bowl until the cream forms soft peaks; frost the pie with decorative swirls and peaks of the whipped cream. Sprinkle pie with chopped walnuts. Refrigerate until serving time.]
[In a large saucepan, combine the tomatoes, vegetable juice, and chicken broth. Bring to a boil, and cook for 30 minutes. Remove from heat, and stir in the basil. At this point, you may puree the soup if you wish. Add the cream and butter; return to medium-low heat, and stir until butter is melted.  Serve immediately.]
[Whisk the milk, sugar, vanilla extract, salt, and tapioca pearls in a slow cooker until the sugar has dissolved. Turn the cooker to high setting, cover with lid, and cook for 2 hours. (If preferred, set on low setting and cook for 4 hours. Stir pudding occasionally during cooking.) Place egg yolks into a bowl, and whisk until smooth. Mix about 1 tablespoon of the hot pudding into the egg yolks until thoroughly combined; continue gradually mixing hot tapioca pudding into the egg yolks, slowly increasing the amount of pudding mixed in, until the yolks and pudding total about 2 cups. Slowly pour the yolk mixture into the pudding in the slow cooker until blended, whisking constantly until the egg yolks have thickened the pudding, about 5 minutes. Place lid back on the cooker, and continue cooking until the pudding is your desired degree of thickness, on high setting for about 30 more minutes (or low setting for 1 more hour).]
[Place eggs in a large pot and cover with water. Bring to a simmer over high heat. Remove from heat, cover the pot and let sit for 17 minutes. Combine sugar and water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Pour the warm sugar syrup over the pepper rings in a small bowl. Stir and set aside. Drain eggs and fill the pan with very cold water. Let eggs sit in cold water until they are cool enough to handle, about 15 minutes. Peel eggs and slice in half lengthwise. Remove yolks to a bowl and cover the egg white halves with a damp towel while you prepare the filling. Mash together egg yolks, cream cheese, mayonnaise, Sriracha sauce, and Dijon mustard with a spoon or spatula until just combined. Stir in rice vinegar until smooth. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Pipe filling into the egg shells. Top each egg with a ring of candied pepper and chopped chives. Chill for at least 20 minutes before serving.]
[Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Melt butter in an oven-safe skillet over medium-high heat. Stir in mushrooms and a pinch of salt; cook and stir until mushrooms begin to brown, about 5 minutes. Stir in fresh rosemary. Add flour and stir to coat the mushrooms; cook and stir for about 3 minutes. Whisk in beef broth, 1/2 cup at a time, whisking constantly to prevent lumps. Turn heat to high and bring the sauce to a simmer. Simmer a few minutes until sauce starts to thicken. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Remove from heat and stir in heavy cream. Slide prepared meatloaf into the sauce. Spoon sauce over the top of the meatloaf. Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink in the center, about 1 1/2 hours. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Remove pan from the oven and gently remove meatloaf to a serving platter. Skim off any extra fat from the surface of the sauce. Bring the sauce to a boil over medium-high heat to reduce until thick, about 5 minutes.]
[Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Coat a 9x4-inch loaf pan with cooking spray. Whisk flour, salt, baking powder, and baking soda together in a bowl.        Watch Now, Beat butter and sugar with an electric mixer in a large bowl until smooth. Add mashed bananas and beat until combined. Beat eggs into the butter mixture one at a time, fully blending each egg before adding the next. Stir vanilla extract and milk into the mixture.        Watch Now, Stir chopped walnuts, chocolate chips, and flour mixture into banana mixture until just incorporated.        Watch Now, Pour batter into the prepared loaf pan. Tap pan on the counter to release any air pockets.        Watch Now, Bake in preheated oven for about 1 hour 10 minutes, or until an inserted toothpick comes out clean.        Watch Now, Let the bread rest in the pan for 15-20 minutes; remove from pan, slice, and serve.        Watch Now]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Combine peaches, Chinese five-spice powder, and lemon zest in a bowl. Stir sugar and water together in saucepan pan over medium heat until simmering, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in peach mixture; cook and stir for 2 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside. Combine sugar and self-rising flour in a large bowl. Pour in milk; whisk to form a smooth batter. Pour melted butter into a Dutch oven. Pour batter over the melted butter. Gently place peaches and syrup on top of batter. As the cobbler bakes, they will sink down into the batter. Bake until syrup is bubbling and crust has risen and is golden brown, about 50 minutes.]
[Place oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Whisk together miso paste, seasoned rice vinegar, maple syrup, and hot chili sauce in a bowl. Brush an oven-ready skillet with vegetable oil. Place salmon fillets skin sides down in the cold skillet. Place over medium heat and cook until the skin starts to sizzle, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove pan from heat. Brush each salmon fillet with miso glaze. Place skillet under the preheated broiler and cook until the salmon is just cooked through and the top is browned, about 8 minutes. Remove each fillet from the pan, separating flesh from the skin; leave the skin in the pan.]
[Place bacon in a cold pot. Turn heat to medium, cook and stir until the bacon is cooked but not crisp. Stir in onion; cook and stir for 5 minutes, until the onion turns translucent and golden. Stir in garlic; cook for 2-3 minutes. Add chicken stock, turn heat to medium-high. Stir in oregano, cayenne and salt. Add black beans and water. Return to a simmer. Simmer on medium-low, stirring occasionally, for 20-30 minutes.  While it's cooking, mash about half the beans to thicken the soup. Stir in black pepper and cumin. Add salt to taste. Make the relish by stirring together minced green onion, sambal paste, and lime juice. Serve garnished with relish, chopped green onions, and sour cream.]
[Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat, and lightly oil the grate.        Watch Now, Cut steak into 6 thick strips. Season generously with salt and pepper.        Watch Now, Grill mushrooms for 5-6 minutes over medium-high heat until they begin to wilt. Remove the stem end to separate the mushrooms.        Watch Now, Stir mushrooms in a bowl with salt and pepper, sherry vinegar, and extra virgin olive oil. Set aside.        Watch Now, Grill steaks for 3-4 minutes per side over medium-high heat, until medium rare or to desired doneness. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 140 degrees F (60 degrees C). Let rest for 5 minutes.        Watch Now, Whisk together barbeque sauce, cider vinegar and vegetable oil. Set aside.        Watch Now, Serve grilled steaks on hot dog buns with mayonnaise, arugula, cherry tomatoes, grilled mushrooms, and barbeque sauce mixture.        Watch Now]
[Season salmon fillets with kosher salt. Line a baking baking sheet with foil and brush lightly with vegetable oil. Preheat oven's broiler on high and set the oven rack about 8 inches from the heat source. Process garlic, tarragon, and parsley in a blender or mortar and pestle to form a loose paste. Mix mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, lemon juice, and cayenne pepper into garlic paste until combined. Place salmon fillets skin side down on the baking sheet. Spoon herb spread over the top and sides of each fillet. Cook under the preheated broiler until fillets are well-browned, about 5 minutes. Turn the broiler off and turn the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bake until the internal temperature of the salmon is 130 degrees F (55 degrees C) and salmon flakes easily with a fork, about 3 to 4 minutes.]
[Season beef generously with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a large skillet over high heat until nearly smoking. Stir in beef; cook, stirring constantly, for 6-7 minutes, until liquid evaporates and meat browns. Remove meat from the pan and set aside. Stir butter, mushrooms and onions into the pan; cook and stir over medium heat until the vegetables are lightly browned. Add garlic and stir for 30 seconds. Stir in flour; cook for 1-2 minutes until incorporated. Stir in wine and 1 cup of stock, scraping the bottom of the pan to release any browned bits. Bring to a simmer, cook for 3-4 minutes, until the sauce thickens. Return beef to the pan. Stir in remaining cup of stock; bring to a simmer and cook on low heat for about 1 hour with the lid on, until the beef is tender and the sauce is thick. Stir every 20 minutes. Stir in creme fraiche. Stir in chives. Season with salt and pepper to taste.]
[Heat oil in a Dutch oven over high heat. Add beef brisket and salt. Cook and stir until browned. Add chicken stock, bay leaf and rosemary. Bring to a simmer, turn to low. Place cherry tomatoes, garlic, shallots, and oil in a blender and puree until smooth. Add puree to the pot. Add tomato paste. Stir to combine.  Return to simmer. Cook on low for 2 1/2 hours with the lid on. Uncover and cook for another hour, simmering on low. Add tomato sauce and cream. Stir to combine. Simmer until tender. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a boil. Stir in penne, and return to a boil. Cook pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until cooked through, but still firm to the bite, about 11 minutes; drain. Mix pasta with sauce and serve topped with Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese.]
[Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat until it foams. Stir in garlic; cook until edges just start to turn golden, about 2 minutes. Stir balsamic vinegar into skillet, bring to a simmer and cook over medium heat until vinegar is reduced by 2/3 to create a thick sauce, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in chile peppers and reduce heat to low. Whisk in tomato paste, salt and black pepper. Remove skillet from the heat. Stir in butter; whisk constantly until the butter melts and is completely incorporated into the sauce.]
[Stir whole wheat flour, all-purpose flour, yeast, salt, sugar, olive oil, and warm water with a spatula until formed into a sticky ball of dough that pulls away from sides of a large bowl, about 3-4 minutes. Cover the bowl with a light cloth or plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place (80 to 95 degrees F (27 to 35 degrees C)) for 18 hours, until doubled in size. Preheat the oven to 550 degrees F (280 degrees C). Sprinkle a baking sheet with cornmeal. Turn the dough onto a lightly floured surface and sprinkle with more flour. Form the dough into a rectangle, and cut it into four equal parts. Shape each piece into a ball, stretching and tucking the dough to create a smooth surface, adding more flour if needed. Cover the dough balls with a towel and let rest for 15 minutes. To shape the dough, sprinkle the surface with flour and lightly pat flat. Use a rolling pin to form a thin disk about 9 inches in diameter. Transfer the formed crust to the prepared baking sheet and top as desired. Bake on the bottom rack for 4 minutes, move to the middle rack and bake for 5-6 minutes more minutes, until the bottom is crispy and the top is lightly browned. Move to cooling rack to cool slightly before serving.]
[Melt butter in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Sprinkle in 3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon flour. Whisk constantly until the mixture is thick and all the flour is incorporated, 3 to 4 minutes. Slowly pour cold milk into the butter mixture, whisking constantly until combined. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Stir in paprika, ground chipotle, ancho chile powder, cayenne pepper, and salt. Reduce heat to low and add sharp Cheddar cheese, Monterey Jack cheese, and Muenster cheese, a handful at a time; stir until thoroughly melted. Season with salt to taste.]
[Mix together water, garlic, onion, bay leaves, red chili flakes, Chinese five-spice, salt, and rice vinegar in a large pot. Bring to a boil, turn to low, and simmer for 15-20 minutes. Place ribs in the simmering broth. Return to a simmer, turn heat to low, and cook for 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat, or coat with cooking spray. Whisk together soy sauce, rice vinegar, sambal oelek chili paste, Dijon mustard, ketchup, honey, brown sugar, and Chinese five-spice powder in a large bowl. Remove the ribs from the broth and transfer them to the bowl with the soy sauce glaze. Toss to coat. Transfer glazed ribs to the prepared baking sheet. Reserve extra glaze for brushing. Bake ribs in preheated oven for 15 minutes. Turn the ribs and brush with more glaze. Cook 15-20 more minutes, brushing occasionally with remaining glaze if desired. Remove and serve.]
[Combine water, vinegar, sugar, kosher salt, garlic, and oregano in a saucepan over high heat. Bring mixture to a boil, stir in jalapeno peppers and remove from heat. Let mixture cool for 10 minutes. Pack peppers into jars using tongs, cover with vinegar mixture, cover, and refrigerate until needed.]
[Combine espresso and butter in the top of a double boiler over simmering water.        Watch Now, Place dark chocolate pieces in the espresso mixture; cook without stirring until chocolate starts to melt, about 3 minutes. Whisk chocolate and espresso mixture until well combined. Remove from heat and set aside.        Watch Now, Combine Marsala, egg yolks, and sugar in a saucepan over medium-low heat, whisking constantly until frothy and thickened, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat.        Watch Now, Stir mascarpone cheese into marsala mixture.        Watch Now, Combine chocolate mixture with mascarpone mixture. Cool to room temperature.        Watch Now, Whip heavy cream in a bowl until soft peaks form, 2 to 3 minutes.        Watch Now, Fold half of whipped cream into cooled chocolate mixture.        Watch Now, Fold second half of whipped cream into chocolate mixture. Cover with plastic wrap and chill in refrigerator for at least 2 hours.        Watch Now]
[Heat olive oil over medium-low heat in a saucepan; stir anchovy fillets into olive oil and cook, stirring often, until the fillets begin to sizzle, about 1 minute. Mix garlic into oil and cook just until fragrant, 1 minute more. Add fresh oregano and reduce heat to low; cook until oregano is wilted, 2 or 3 more minutes. Mix red pepper flakes, dried oregano, and tomatoes into olive oil mixture. Bring sauce to a simmer and season with salt, sugar, and black pepper. Turn heat to low; simmer sauce until thickened and oil rises to the top, 35 to 40 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir baking soda into pizza sauce, mixing until thoroughly combined.]
[Spread 1/2 tablespoon butter on one side of each piece of toasted Italian bread. Set aside. Heat olive oil in a skillet over high heat. When oil begins to smoke, pour scallops into pan. Cook for 30 seconds without stirring. Toss scallops in pan and stir in garlic. Cook and stir until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Stir wine and lemon juice into scallops, bring to a boil, and cook for about 30 seconds. Stir parsley and cold butter into scallops and remove from heat. When butter melts, stir in salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Spoon scallops over buttered toast and serve immediately.]
[Lay half the beef slices in the shape of a heart in between two sheets of plastic wrap on a solid, level surface. Gently pound the beef with the smooth side of a meat mallet until about 1/8-inch thick. Transfer beef to a plate, maintaining the heart shape, and refrigerate. Repeat with the remaining slices to form a second heart. Whisk lemon juice, Dijon mustard, olive oil, cayenne pepper, salt, and black pepper, cayenne pepper in a bowl. Combine arugula, 1 ounce Parmigiano-Reggiano shavings, and capers in a bowl. Drizzle 1 tablespoon of the lemon juice mixture over arugula mixture and toss to coat. Place half of the arugula mixture on top of beef. Drizzle lemon juice mixture over arugula and beef; season with salt and black pepper to taste and top with Parmigiano-Reggiano shavings. Repeat with remaining heart.]
[Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Spray a 9x13-inch casserole dish with cooking spray. Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a boil. Stir in the macaroni and return to a boil. Cook pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until it has cooked through but is still slightly firm, about 8 minutes; drain. Slowly melt butter in a large pot over low heat. Stir in evaporated milk and black pepper; cook until heated through. Whisk eggs in a bowl until smooth; whisk about 1/2 cup of the evaporated milk mixture into the eggs, 1 tablespoon at a time, until thoroughly incorporated. Whisk the egg mixture back into the saucepan with evaporated milk mixture. Continue to heat gently, whisking constantly, until the evaporated milk mixture almost comes to a simmer and the sauce thickens. Gently mix salt and cooked macaroni into the sauce and stir to combine. Spoon 1/4 of the macaroni mixture in a layer into the bottom of the prepared casserole dish and top with 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese. Repeat layers three more times; top last cheese layer with paprika to taste. Bake in the preheated oven until casserole is bubbling, about 20 minutes.]
[Sift together flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar in a large bowl. Whisk in melted butter, egg, and milk until combined. Let batter rest for 5 minutes. Preheat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Spray with cooking spray. Pour batter into the hot skillet, about 1/4 cup of batter for each pancake. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes, until bubbles appear on the sides and center of each pancake. Flip and cook until golden, about 1 to 2 minutes.]
[Beat butter, white sugar, brown sugar, peanut butter, salt, baking powder, and baking soda in a stand mixer until smooth. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and beater with a spatula. Add egg and mix for about 1 minute. Slowly mix in flour with the mixer on low. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and beater. Mix on medium until combined, about 30 seconds. Form dough into a ball, cover with plastic and refrigerate for 2-3 hours. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Portion out cookie dough in equal-sized balls on a baking sheet covered with a silicone baking mat. Use damp hands to roll dough into smooth balls. Stamp each ball with a fork in a criss-cross pattern. Bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes until golden. Leave on the baking sheet for 5 minutes before transferring to a cooling rack.]
[Heat olive oil in a heavy skillet over high heat until it just begins to smoke. Place shrimp in an even layer on the bottom of the pan and cook for 1 minute without stirring. Season shrimp with salt; cook and stir until shrimp begin to turn pink, about 1 minute. Stir in garlic and red pepper flakes; cook and stir 1 minute. Stir in lemon juice, caper brine, 1 1/2 teaspoon cold butter, and half the parsley. Cook until butter has melted, about 1 minute, then turn heat to low and stir in 1 1/2 tablespoon cold butter. Cook and stir until all butter has melted to form a thick sauce and shrimp are pink and opaque, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove shrimp with a slotted spoon and transfer to a bowl; continue to cook butter sauce, adding water 1 teaspoon at a time if too thick, about 2 minutes. Season with salt to taste. Serve shrimp topped with the pan sauce. Garnish with remaining flat-leaf parsley.]
[Melt butter in a Dutch oven over medium heat; stir in onion, jalepeno peppers, celery, and a pinch of salt. Cook until onions are soft and translucent, 7 to 10 minutes. Stir seafood seasoning and cayenne pepper into onion mixture; cook for 30 seconds. Sprinkle flour over onion mixture; cook and stir until mixture is slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Pour 2 1/2 cups water, 1/2 pound corn kernels, and 2 ounces crabmeat into the onion mixture; increase heat to medium-high and bring to simmer. Place 1 cup water, 1/2 pound corn kernels, and garlic into a blender. Cover and puree until smooth. Pour corn puree into the Dutch oven and bring mixture to a boil. Reduce heat to low; simmer until chowder is thicker and the color deepens, about 45 minutes. Stir 6 ounces of crabmeat, paprika, and heavy cream into chowder. Season with salt and pepper to taste; garnish with green onions and a pinch of cayenne pepper.]
[Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a 9x13-inch baking pan with cooking spray. Combine flour, sugar, vegetable oil, eggs, salt, baking soda, vanilla extract, and cinnamon in a large bowl; mix well. Stir in the chopped apples until just combined. Pour batter into the prepared baking pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 1 hour.]
[Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Toss sliced apples with lemon juice to prevent browning. Mix flour, rolled oats, wheat and barley nugget cereal, melted butter, 1/4 cup white sugar, and 1/4 cup brown sugar together in a large bowl. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir 1/3 cup brown sugar, 1/3 cup white sugar, and cinnamon into melted butter until sugar begins to dissolve, 3 to 4 minutes. Add apples and water; continue cooking and stirring until apples soften and are coated with sauce, 4 to 5 minutes. Pour apples and sugar mixture into a 2 quart baking dish. Sprinkle topping evenly over the apple filling. Bake in the preheated oven until the top is browned and the filling is bubbling up around the edges, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool for 10 to 15 minutes.]
[Preheat the broiler. Place lobster tails on a baking sheet. With a sharp knife or kitchen shears, carefully cut top side of lobster shells lengthwise. Pull apart shells slightly, and season meat with equal amounts butter, paprika, salt, and white pepper. Broil lobster tails until lightly browned and lobster meat is opaque, about 5 to 10 minutes. Garnish with lemon wedges to serve.]
[Shred potatoes into a large bowl filled with cold water. Stir until water is cloudy, drain, and cover potatoes again with fresh cold water. Stir again to dissolve excess starch. Drain potatoes well, pat dry with paper towels, and squeeze out any excess moisture.        Watch Now, Heat clarified butter in a large non-stick pan over medium heat. Sprinkle shredded potatoes into the hot butter and season with salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and paprika.        Watch Now, Cook potatoes until a brown crust forms on the bottom, about 5 minutes. Continue to cook and stir until potatoes  are browned all over, about 5 more minutes.        Watch Now]
[Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Place olive oil and butter in Dutch oven over medium heat. Stir in onion and ground lamb; brown the meat, breaking it up into small crumbles as it cooks, about 10 minutes. Stir in flour until incorporated, then mix in salt, black pepper, rosemary, paprika, cinnamon, ketchup, and garlic; cook and stir until garlic is fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in water and scrape up any brown bits from the bottom of the Dutch oven. Reduce heat to medium-low and bring mixture to a simmer; cook and stir until thick, about 5-6 minutes. Remove lamb mixture from heat and stir in peas and carrots until combined. Spread lamb mixture into the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking dish and set aside. Place potatoes into a large pan of salted water. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium, and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain well and return potatoes to pan. Mash butter, cayenne pepper, cream cheese, and Irish cheese into the potatoes. Mash until combined and potatoes are smooth. Season to taste with salt and black pepper. Whisk together egg yolk and milk in a small bowl; stir into the mashed potato mixture. Top the lamb mixture in the baking dish with the mashed potatoes and spread evenly to cover. Bake in the preheated oven until the top is golden brown and sauce is bubbling up around the edges, 25 to 30 minutes.]
[Mix yeast, 1/2 cup of flour, sugar, and warm water in a bowl. Cover and let rest in a warm place until bubbling, about 15 to 20 minutes. Stir in salt, olive oil, and egg. Mix thoroughly and stir in remaining 1 3/4 cup flour to form a loose, sticky dough that pulls away from the sides of the bowl. Cover with a damp towel and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 to 1 1/2 hours. Punch down and scrape the dough from the sides of the bowl. Turn onto a lightly floured surface. Sprinkle with more flour and shape into a rectangle. Roll out to an approximately 10x12-inch rectangle, about 1/2-inch thick.  Brush with melted butter; sprinkle with garlic, Parmagiano-Reggiano cheese, black pepper, cayenne, and parsley. Press flat one long edge of the rectangle and brush with water. From the opposite end, roll evenly into a log. Press the seam together to seal. Cut into 8 rolls. Transfer to a baking sheet, cut side up. If necessary, cut an X' in the top of each roll to expose filling. Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Brush each roll with olive oil. Sprinkle with more cheese. Cover and let rise until slightly puffed, about 20 to 30 minutes. Bake in preheated oven until the tops are golden brown, about 20 minutes.]
[Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Melt 1/4 cup butter in a 12-inch cast iron skillet over medium-low heat. Stir in brown sugar, pineapple juice, and dark rum. Cook over medium-low heat until sugar is dissolved and mixture is bubbling, about 5 minutes.        Watch Now, Remove from heat and spread pineapple slices in a layer over the brown sugar mixture, completely covering the mixture. Set skillet aside.        Watch Now, Melt 1/2 cup butter in small skillet over low heat until the butter begins to brown and release a nutty fragrance, about 5 minutes. Watch carefully, butter burns easily. Remove from heat and let cool for 10 minutes.        Watch Now, Whisk together flour, cardamom, salt, baking powder, and white sugar in a large bowl. Whisk in egg and cold milk until just combined. Pour in melted butter and stir to mix thoroughly.        Watch Now, Pour batter over the pineapple slices in the skillet; spread evenly to cover.        Watch Now, Bake in preheated oven until the cake begins to bubble around the edges, the top is browned, and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 30 to 35 minutes. Let cool in the skillet for 10 minutes.        Watch Now, Loosen the cake from the skillet by running a knife around the inside edge of the cake. Invert a large plate over the top of the skillet and flip over, releasing the cake to show the pineapple slices on top.        Watch Now]
[Heat oil in a saucepan over medium heat; add spaghetti and toast, stirring constantly, until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes.        Watch Now, Stir garlic into spaghetti pieces and cook for 30 seconds.        Watch Now, Pour in 1/2 cup broth and increase heat to medium high. Stir spaghetti and broth until all the liquid is absorbed, 2 to 3 minutes. Repeat this process until all of the stock is absorbed and noodles are desired tenderness, about 10 minutes.        Watch Now, Reduce heat to low. Season spaghetti with salt and red pepper flakes to taste. Remove from heat.        Watch Now, Stir Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese and parsley into spaghetti and serve.        Watch Now]
[Preheat oven's broiler and set the oven rack at about 6 inches from the heat source. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Place red bell peppers with cut sides down onto the prepared baking sheet. Cook under the preheated broiler until the skin of the peppers has blackened and blistered, 5 to 8 minutes. Place the blackened peppers into a bowl and tightly seal with plastic wrap. Allow the peppers to steam as they cool, about 20 minutes. Remove and discard skins. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add Fresno and habanero chiles and cook uncovered over medium heat until vegetables start to soften, about 3 minutes; drain and set aside to cool. Remove seeds and membranes from chiles (wear gloves); set aside. Shake coriander and caraway seeds in a skillet over medium heat until you start to smell the spice, about 2 minutes. Use a mortar and pestle to crush toasted seeds; add cumin, mint, and salt, and crush until finely ground. Transfer spices to a blender and add roasted bell peppers, chiles, garlic, lemon juice, and vegetable oil; puree until smooth. Drizzle in extra-virgin olive oil at the end, blending for only a few seconds.]
[Mix saltine crackers, mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, seafood seasoning, Worcestershire sauce, egg, salt, and cayenne pepper in a large bowl. Stir in crabmeat until mixture is combined but still chunky. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour. Sprinkle breadcrumbs on a plate. Shape chilled crab mixture into 4 small thick patties; coat completely with bread crumbs. Melt butter in a skillet over medium-heat; cook crab cakes until golden brown, about 4 minutes per side.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Butter the insides of 2 (10-ounce) ramekins and place on a baking sheet. Place bread cubes into a large bowl, set aside. Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir bacon in hot oil until browned and almost crisp, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove excess oil from skillet and discard. Stir in onion and cook for about 2 minutes. Stir in red pepper and cook for an additional minute. Stir in chicken broth and heavy cream; cook until mixture begins to simmer, about 1 to 2 minutes. Pour cream mixture over bread cubes and mix thoroughly until all liquid is absorbed. Stir in 1 egg, lemon juice, tarragon, and lemon zest. Mix in crabmeat, salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Spoon Mixture into prepared ramekins and bake in a preheated oven until tops are golden brown, about 20 minutes. Remove ramekins from oven and top each bread pudding with a poached egg. Spoon hollandaise sauce over each egg. Garnish with cayenne pepper.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix brown sugar, rice vinegar, maple syrup, and black pepper in a small bowl. Place bacon slices on cooling rack set over a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes, turn slices, and bake another 5 minutes. Remove bacon and brush both sides with brown sugar mixture. Return bacon to the oven and bake another 5 minutes. Repeat basting every 5 minutes until bacon is browned and crisp, about 35 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat or parchment paper. Whisk flour, baking powder, salt, and baking soda together in a large bowl. Cut butter into flour mixture with a pastry blender until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs, about 5 minutes. Make a well in the center of butter and flour mixture. Pour in 3/4 cup buttermilk; stir until just combined. Turn dough onto a floured work surface, pat together into a rectangle. Fold the rectangle in thirds. Turn dough a half turn, gather any crumbs, and flatten back into a rectangle. Repeat twice more, folding and pressing dough a total of three times. Roll dough on a floured surface to about 1/2 inch thick. Cut out 12 biscuits using a 2 1/2-inch round biscuit cutter. Transfer biscuits to the prepared baking sheet. Press an indent into the top of each biscuit with your thumb. Brush the tops of biscuits with 2 tablespoons buttermilk. Bake in the preheated oven until browned, about 15 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray 2 (8-inch) cake pans with cooking spray. Stir yellow cake mix, 3 eggs, water, and vegetable oil in a bowl until moistened. Beat with an electric mixer on medium speed for 2 minutes, scraping bowl occasionally. Divide cake batter between the two prepared cake pans. Bake in the preheated oven until cakes have risen and are lightly golden brown, 33 to 38 minutes. Check for doneness after 25 minutes. A toothpick inserted into the center of the cakes should come out clean. Allow cakes to cool for about 10 minutes before removing from the pans. Cool cakes completely, about 40 minutes. Whisk 3 eggs, cornstarch, and sugar in a large bowl until well mixed and lemon colored, 2 to 3 minutes. Set aside. Heat 1 cup heavy whipping cream, whole milk, and 1/2 tablespoon butter in a large saucepan over medium heat until it just begins to boil. Reduce heat to low; pour egg mixture into cream mixture and whisk until thick, about 1 minute. Pour egg and cream mixture through a fine mesh strainer into a large bowl; discard any chunks. Whisk vanilla and salt into the egg and cream mixture until combined. Cover with a layer of plastic wrap pressed against the surface. Chill in refrigerator to form a pastry cream texture, 3 to 4 hours. Place chocolate in a large bowl. Heat 1 teaspoon butter and 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream in a saucepan over medium heat until butter is melted. Pour cream mixture over chocolate and whisk until smooth. Set aside until cooled, but still pourable, about 20 minutes. Place one cake layer on a plate, flat side up. Spread pastry cream to within 1-inch of the edge of cake. Place second cake layer on top, rounded side up. Press gently to push pastry cream to the edge. Pour chocolate mixture over top of the cake and spread so it drips over the edge.]
[Preheat grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate. Slice flesh-side of peach halves diagonally about 1/4-inch deep, twice in each direction. Drizzle flesh-side of each peach half with barbeque sauce; brush sauce for an even coat. Place peaches, flesh-side up, on the grill. Cook until barbeque sauce bubbles slightly and peaches are a little softer than when you put them on the grill, 7 to 10 minutes.]
[Place cabbage, jicama, and apple in a large bowl and toss to combine. Whisk mayonnaise, pineapple juice, sugar, hot sauce, salt, and pepper in a bowl until mixture is smooth and fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Pour mayonnaise mixture over cabbage, jicama, and apple; toss to combine. Let sit for 5 minutes. Mix in cilantro and toss again. Garnish with toasted corn bits and serve immediately.]
[Place sugar, flour, and cocoa powder into a bowl. Whisk together to remove lumps. Heat milk, butter, and vanilla extract in a saucepan over medium heat until butter melts. Whisk dry ingredients into the milk mixture a little at a time. Increase heat to medium-high until mixture comes to a simmer. Cook, stirring constantly, for 6 minutes. After 6 minutes, turn off heat. Whisk in a pinch of salt. Pour hot over ice cream or store in airtight containers in the refrigerator.]
[Beat cream in a large glass or metal mixing bowl with an electric mixer. Gradually add confectioners' sugar and vanilla extract, continuing to beat until the cream holds stiff peaks. Lift your beater or whisk straight up: the whipped cream should form a sharp peak that holds its shape. Spread a generous teaspoon of whipped cream on each cookie. Press cookies together to make 3-inch stacks. Spread a 1-inch wide line of whipped cream down center of a serving platter. Assemble cookie stacks into a log on platter following the line of whipped cream. Frost cookie log with remaining whipped cream and sprinkle with grated chocolate. Cover tightly and refrigerate overnight. To serve, slice diagonally to create striped pieces.]
[Combine beef, orange juice, rice vinegar, soy sauce, hot chili paste, brown sugar, and garlic in a large bowl. Cover and refrigerate for 1 to 2 hours. Strain beef in a colander set over a large bowl, allowing beef to drain thoroughly, about 5 minutes. Reserve marinade. Stir water and cornstarch into the bowl of marinade. Whisk until cornstarch is dissolved, set aside. Spray skillet with cooking spray and place over high heat. Cook beef for 1 minute without stirring; cook and stir for an additional minute. Stir in light parts of green onion and orange zest; cook for 30 seconds. Stir in marinade and green onion tops; cook and stir until beef is no longer pink inside and sauce is reduced and thick, about 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper to taste.]
[Mix pear slices, sherry wine, soy sauce, rice vinegar, brown sugar, garlic, ginger, hoisin sauce, hot chili paste, and sesame oil in a blender until smooth, about 4 minutes. Arrange short ribs in a 9x13-inch baking dish and coat completely with marinade. Cover baking dish with plastic wrap and transfer to the refrigerator to marinate for 8 to 12 hours. Remove short ribs to a plate and blot dry with paper towel to remove excess marinade. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat, and lightly oil the grate. Grill short ribs until firm, hot, and slightly pink in the center, about 4 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 140 degrees F (60 degrees C).]
[Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook elbow macaroni in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until cooked through but firm to the bite, 8 minutes. Drain. Combine potato chip crumbs, Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, bread crumbs, and butter in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Set aside. Heat prepared white sauce, Cheddar cheese, Gruyere cheese, and dry mustard in a large saucepan over low heat; cook and stir until cheese melts, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from heat. Combine cooked macaroni with enough cheese sauce to make it as creamy as you like it (see Cook's Note). Spoon mixture into 2 (10-ounce) ramekins or bowls and cover with toasted potato chip topping.]
[Heat olive oil in skillet over high heat; stir in zucchini, lemon zest, and red pepper flakes. Cook for about 2 minutes. Stir in salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper; cook and stir until zucchini is tender, about 5 minutes. Stir cream cheese into zucchini mixture; cook until cream cheese begins to melt, about 1 minute. Remove from heat and stir in oregano.]
[Combine strawberries, sugar, 2 tablespoons water, and balsamic vinegar in a saucepan and bring to simmer over medium heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer for 15 minutes. Whisk 2 tablespoons water and cornstarch in a small bowl. Whisk cornstarch mixture into strawberry mixture. Cook, stirring constantly, until mixture thickens, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Transfer mixture to a blender and puree until smooth.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with foil. Cook mint leaves in a pot of boiling water for about 10 seconds. Transfer mint leaves to a bowl of ice water; soak for 30 seconds, drain and squeeze dry. Combine blanched mint with garlic, olive oil, bread crumbs, salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper in a food processor or blender. Blend for 20 to 30 seconds until fine and crumbly. Transfer mint mixture to a large bowl; stir in Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, set aside. Combine 1/4 cup Dijon mustard and 2 teaspoons honey in a small bowl, set aside. Combine extra-virgin olive oil, rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, salt, and black pepper in a jar with a lid. Shake vinaigrette vigorously until combined, about 30 seconds. Set vinaigrette aside. Slice  1/2 to 1-inch slits between each bone of the lamb racks to assure the meat roasts evenly. Season each rack with salt and black pepper on all sides. Heat vegetable oil in skillet over high heat. Brown each lamb rack for 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Transfer lamb racks to the foil-lined baking sheet. Brush each rack with mustard and honey mixture. Sprinkle mint mixture over the top and sides of each rack. Bake in the preheated oven until browned on top and medium rare in the center, about 20 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 125 to 130 degrees F (52 to 54 degrees C). Remove from oven and allow lamb to rest for 10 minutes before serving, drizzled with honey mustard vinaigrette.]
[Combine tuna and olive oil, garlic, anchovy paste, oregano, and red pepper flakes in a large saucepan over medium-low heat. Stir and cook for 1 minute once oil begins to sizzle. Stir in cream of tomato soup and water. Increase heat to medium and simmer for about 10 minutes. Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a boil. Stir in penne, and return to a boil. Cook pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until just slightly undercooked, about 11 minutes; drain. Stir cooked pasta into soup mixture; stir in 2/3 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, and tarragon. Cover and cook for 2 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper to taste. Cover and cook for an additional minute. Garnish with additional Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese and red pepper flakes.]
[Preheat grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate. Season salmon fillets with salt. Place salmon on the preheated grill; cook salmon for 6 to 8 minutes per side, or until the fish flakes easily with a fork. Combine water, rice vinegar, brown sugar, chile paste, ginger, garlic, and soy sauce in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat to medium and simmer until barely thickened, about 2 minutes. Sprinkle basil on top of salmon; spoon glaze over basil.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour an 8-inch square pan. In a large saucepan, melt 1/2 cup butter. Remove from heat, and stir in sugar, eggs, and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Beat in 1/3 cup cocoa, 1/2 cup flour, salt, and baking powder. Spread batter into prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven for 25 to 30 minutes. Do not overcook. To Make Frosting:  Combine 3 tablespoons softened butter, 3 tablespoons cocoa, honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, and 1 cup confectioners' sugar. Stir until smooth. Frost brownies while they are still warm.]
[In a small bowl, mix together chili powder, garlic powder, onion powder, red pepper flakes, oregano, paprika, cumin, salt and pepper. Store in an airtight container.]
[In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the flour and the eggs. Gradually add in the milk and water, stirring to combine. Add the salt and butter; beat until smooth. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each crepe. Tilt the pan with a circular motion so that the batter coats the surface evenly. Cook the crepe for about 2 minutes, until the bottom is light brown. Loosen with a spatula, turn and cook the other side. Serve hot.]
[In a large bowl, cream together butter and sugar until smooth. Beat in eggs and vanilla. Stir in the  flour, baking powder, and salt. Cover, and chill dough for at least one hour (or overnight). Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Roll out dough on floured surface 1/4 to 1/2 inch thick. Cut into shapes with any cookie cutter. Place cookies 1 inch apart on ungreased cookie sheets. Bake 6 to 8 minutes in preheated oven. Cool completely.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Cream together the butter, white sugar, and brown sugar until smooth. Beat in the eggs one at a time, then stir in the vanilla. Dissolve baking soda in hot water.  Add to batter along with salt. Stir in flour, chocolate chips, and nuts. Drop by large spoonfuls onto ungreased pans. Bake for about 10 minutes in the preheated oven, or until edges are nicely browned.]
[Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease cookie sheets or line with parchment paper. Sift together the flour, baking soda and salt; set aside. In a medium bowl, cream together the melted butter, brown sugar and white sugar until well blended. Beat in the vanilla, egg, and egg yolk until light and creamy. Mix in the sifted ingredients until just blended. Stir in the chocolate chips by hand using a wooden spoon. Drop cookie dough 1/4 cup at a time onto the prepared cookie sheets. Cookies should be about 3 inches apart. Bake for 15 to 17 minutes in the preheated oven, or until the edges are lightly toasted. Cool on baking sheets for a few minutes before transferring to wire racks to cool completely.]
[Grease and flour two 8 x 4 inch pans.  Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Sift flour, salt, baking powder, soda, and cinnamon together in a bowl. Beat eggs, oil, vanilla, and sugar together in a large bowl.  Add sifted ingredients to the creamed mixture, and beat well.  Stir in zucchini and nuts until well combined.  Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake for 40 to 60 minutes, or until tester inserted in the center comes out clean.  Cool in pan on rack for 20 minutes.  Remove bread from pan, and completely cool.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a baking sheet with cooking spray. Clean mushrooms with a damp paper towel.  Carefully break off stems.  Chop stems extremely fine, discarding tough end of stems. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and chopped mushroom stems to the skillet. Fry until any moisture has disappeared, taking care not to burn garlic.  Set aside to cool. When garlic and mushroom mixture is no longer hot, stir in cream cheese, Parmesan cheese, black pepper, onion powder and cayenne pepper.  Mixture should be very thick. Using a little spoon, fill each mushroom cap with a generous amount of stuffing. Arrange the mushroom caps on prepared cookie sheet. Bake for 20 minutes in the preheated oven, or until the mushrooms are piping hot and liquid starts to form under caps.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Sift together the flour and baking soda, set aside. In a large bowl, cream together the butter, brown sugar, and white sugar. Beat in the instant pudding mix until blended. Stir in the eggs and vanilla. Blend in the flour mixture. Finally, stir in the chocolate chips and nuts. Drop cookies by rounded spoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheets. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes in the preheated oven. Edges should be golden brown.]
[Bring 1 1/2  cups water to a boil in a saucepan; stir rice into boiling water. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer for 20 minutes.        Watch Now, In a clean saucepan, combine 1 1/2 cups cooked rice, 1 1/2 cups milk, sugar and salt. Cook over medium heat until thick and creamy, 15 to 20 minutes. Stir in remaining 1/2 cup milk, beaten egg, and raisins; cook 2 minutes more, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and stir in butter and vanilla.        Watch Now]
[Season salmon fillets with lemon pepper, garlic powder, and salt. In a small bowl, stir together soy sauce, brown sugar, water, and vegetable oil until sugar is dissolved. Place fish in a large resealable plastic bag with the soy sauce mixture, seal, and turn to coat. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours. Preheat grill for medium heat. Lightly oil grill grate. Place salmon on the preheated grill, and discard marinade. Cook salmon for 6 to 8 minutes per side, or until the fish flakes easily with a fork.]
[Place meat in slow cooker. In a small bowl mix together the flour, salt, and pepper; pour over meat, and stir to coat meat with flour mixture. Stir in the garlic, bay leaf, paprika, Worcestershire sauce, onion, beef broth, potatoes, carrots, and celery.        Watch Now, Cover, and cook on Low setting for 10 to 12 hours, or on High setting for 4 to 6 hours.        Watch Now]
[Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Toss seeds in a bowl with the melted butter and salt. Spread the seeds in a single layer on a baking sheet and bake for about 45 minutes or until golden brown; stir occasionally.]
[Preheat oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat or parchment paper. Whisk sugar and cornstarch in a bowl. Set aside. Beat egg whites in a bowl until they are foamy and have a thick, ribbony texture, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour 1/4 of the sugar mixture into the egg whites; whisk until completely incorporated, about 30 seconds. Repeat for the rest of the sugar mixture, whisking after each addition, until all of the sugar mixture is incorporated and the egg whites are glossy and thick. Pour vanilla and vinegar into egg white mixture; whisk until you can lift your beater or whisk straight up and the egg whites form a sharp peak that holds its shape, 2 to 3 minutes. Spoon egg white mixture onto prepared baking sheet; spread out into a 2-inch high by 6-inch wide disc. Bake in the preheated oven for 1 hour. Turn off the oven, crack open the oven door and let the Pavlova cool for one hour. Whip cream, sugar, and vanilla extract in a bowl until soft peaks form, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer Pavlova to a serving plate. Top with whipped cream and fresh strawberries.]
[Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a non insulated cookie sheet with parchment paper. With a knife or kitchen shears carefully remove the leaves from the thick stems and tear into bite size pieces. Wash and thoroughly dry kale with a salad spinner. Drizzle kale with olive oil and sprinkle with seasoning salt. Bake until the edges brown but are not burnt, 10 to 15 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place the rice and water in a saucepan, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover, and cook 20 minutes. In a skillet over medium heat, cook the beef until evenly browned. Remove and discard the tops, seeds, and membranes of the bell peppers. Arrange peppers in a baking dish with the hollowed sides facing upward. (Slice the bottoms of the peppers if necessary so that they will stand upright.) In a bowl, mix the browned beef, cooked rice, 1 can tomato sauce, Worcestershire sauce, garlic powder, onion powder, salt, and pepper. Spoon an equal amount of the mixture into each hollowed pepper. Mix the remaining tomato sauce and Italian seasoning in a bowl, and pour over the stuffed peppers. Bake 1 hour in the preheated oven, basting with sauce every 15 minutes, until the peppers are tender.]
[Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or silicone baking mats. Combine eggplant, olive oil, salt and black pepper in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir until eggplant begins to soften, about 5 minutes. Mix in minced onion and red pepper flakes. Reduce heat to medium; cook and stir until onion softens, 4 minutes. Stir in chicken broth and marinara sauce. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until sauce mixture has reduced by half, about 30 minutes. Whisk bread crumbs, egg, and Greek yogurt in a large bowl until the bread crumbs absorb all the liquid, about 3 minutes. Mix onions, garlic, Kosher salt, black pepper, cumin, cinnamon, and coriander into the bread crumb mixture. Crumble lamb into bread crumb spice mixture; stir in cayenne pepper. Form lamb mixture into small meatballs and transfer to prepared baking sheet. Place baking sheet into the preheated oven and bake until browned, but still pink inside, about 10 minutes. Remove meatballs from the oven and stir into simmering sauce. Simmer over low heat until sauce begins to thicken, 30 to 45 minutes. Garnish with chopped fresh mint.]
[Combine salt, molasses, cloves, and boiling water in a large container. Stir until molasses and salt are dissolved; let cool to room temperature. Pour cold water into molasses mixture; stir to combine. Completely submerge pork chops in molasses mixture. Cover container and refrigerate for 6 hours. Remove pork chops from brine and pat dry with paper towels. Lightly oil each chop. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate. Place pork chops on the hottest part of the grill; cook each side until browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a medium-high area of the grill and cook pork until it is slightly pink in the center, 6 to 8 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the chop should read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C).]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease the bottom and sides of a 9-inch springform pan. Mix graham cracker crumbs and melted butter in a bowl until evenly moistened. Press crumb mixture into the bottom and about 1/2-inch up the sides of the springform pan. Whisk flour, sour cream, and vanilla extract in bowl. Set aside. Stir cream cheese and sugar with a wooden spoon in a large bowl until evenly incorporated, 3 to 5 minutes. Pour milk into cream cheese mixture and whisk until just combined. Whisk in eggs, one at a time, stirring well after each addition. Stir in lemon zest, orange zest, and sour cream mixture; whisk until just incorporated. Pour mixture into prepared springform pan. Bake in the preheated oven until the edges have nicely puffed and the surface of the cheesecake is firm except for a small spot in the center that will jiggle when the pan is gently shaken, about 1 hour. When the cheesecake is done, turn off the oven and let it cool in the oven for 3 to 4 hours. This prevents any cracks from forming on the top of the cheesecake.]
[Place each steak between two sheets of heavy plastic (or inside a resealable freezer bag) on a solid, level surface. Firmly pound each steak with the smooth side of a meat mallet to a thickness of 1/4-inch. Remove steaks from plastic. Generously season each steak with salt and ground black pepper. Set aside. Combine beef broth, barbeque sauce, hot sauce, and black pepper in a bowl. Add chilled butter to broth mixture but do not stir. Heat oil in a large skillet over high heat until it just begins to smoke, about 1 minute. Place each steak in the pan; sear for 45 to 60 seconds on each side. Remove steaks from skillet and set them aside to rest. Pour the broth mixture into the skillet and bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off of the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Stir occasionally until butter is melted and incorporated, about 2 minutes. Spoon broth and butter mixture over steak and serve.]
[In a medium skillet over medium heat, brown the ground beef, onion, and green pepper; drain off liquids. Stir in the garlic powder, mustard, ketchup, and brown sugar; mix thoroughly. Reduce heat, and simmer for 30 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.]
[Cook macaroni according to the package directions.  Drain. In a saucepan, melt butter or margarine over medium heat.  Stir in enough flour to make a roux.  Add milk to roux slowly, stirring constantly.  Stir in cheeses, and cook over low heat until cheese is melted and the sauce is a little thick.  Put macaroni in large casserole dish, and pour sauce over macaroni.  Stir well. Melt butter or margarine in a skillet over medium heat.  Add breadcrumbs and brown.  Spread over the macaroni and cheese to cover.  Sprinkle with a little paprika. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes. Serve.]
[In a medium bowl, mash together the avocados, lime juice, and salt. Mix in onion, cilantro, tomatoes, and garlic. Stir in cayenne pepper. Refrigerate 1 hour for best flavor, or serve immediately.        Watch Now]
[Melt butter in a medium, non-stick saucepan over medium heat.  Add cream cheese and garlic powder, stirring with wire whisk until smooth.  Add milk, a little at a time, whisking to smooth out lumps.  Stir in Parmesan and pepper.  Remove from heat when sauce reaches desired consistency.  Sauce will thicken rapidly, thin with milk if cooked too long.  Toss with hot pasta to serve.]
[Prepare the cake mix according to package directions using any of the recommended pan sizes. When cake is done, crumble while warm into a large bowl, and stir in the frosting until well blended. Melt chocolate coating in a glass bowl in the microwave, or in a metal bowl over a pan of simmering water, stirring occasionally until smooth. Use a melon baller or small scoop to form balls of the chocolate cake mixture. Dip the balls in chocolate using a toothpick or fork to hold them. Place on waxed paper to set.]
[In a small bowl, stir together confectioners' sugar and milk until smooth.  Beat in corn syrup and almond extract until icing is smooth and glossy.  If icing is too thick, add more corn syrup. Divide into separate bowls, and add food colorings to each to desired intensity. Dip cookies, or paint them with a brush.]
[Place the soy sauce, olive oil, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, garlic powder, basil, parsley, and pepper in a blender. Add hot pepper sauce and garlic, if desired. Blend on high speed for 30 seconds until thoroughly mixed. Pour marinade over desired type of meat. Cover, and refrigerate for up to 8 hours. Cook meat as desired.]
[Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add ziti pasta, and cook until al dente, about 8 minutes; drain. In a large skillet, brown onion and ground beef over medium heat. Add spaghetti sauce, and simmer 15 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter a 9x13 inch baking dish. Layer as follows: 1/2 of the ziti, Provolone cheese, sour cream, 1/2 sauce mixture, remaining ziti, mozzarella cheese and remaining sauce mixture. Top with grated Parmesan cheese. Bake for 30 minutes in the preheated oven, or until cheeses are melted.]
[Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cut the tops off  the peppers, and remove the seeds. Cook peppers in boiling water for 5 minutes; drain. Sprinkle salt inside each pepper, and set aside. In a large skillet, saute beef and onions for 5 minutes, or until beef is browned. Drain off excess fat, and season with salt and pepper. Stir in the tomatoes, rice, 1/2 cup water and Worcestershire sauce. Cover, and simmer for 15 minutes, or until rice is tender. Remove from heat, and stir in the cheese. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. (175 degrees C). Stuff each pepper with the beef and rice mixture, and place peppers open side up in a baking dish. In a medium bowl, combine tomato soup with just enough water to make the soup a gravy consistency. Pour over the peppers. Bake covered for 25 to 35 minutes, until heated through and cheese is melted and bubbly.]
[Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add the macaroni, and cook until tender, about 8 minutes. Rinse under cold water and drain. In a large bowl, mix together the mayonnaise, vinegar, sugar, mustard, salt and pepper. Stir in the onion, celery, green pepper, carrot, pimentos and macaroni. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours before serving, but preferably overnight.]
[Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat and set aside. Combine potatoes, salt, ground black pepper, cayenne pepper, and herbes de provence in a large bowl. Drizzle olive oil over potatoes and stir to evenly coat. Place potatoes on baking sheet, spaced evenly, and bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Remove from oven, flip over each potato slice, and return to the oven for another 15 minutes. Continue cooking and flipping until potatoes are well browned, about 30 minutes. Potatoes should be crispy around edges, but still soft in the center.]
[Whisk rice vinegar, fish sauce, grated ginger, garlic, hot sauce, red curry powder, and red curry paste in a shallow dish. Set aside. Puncture flank steak several times with a fork and place in the vinegar mixture. Cover and marinate at room temperature for 1 hour. Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat, and lightly oil the grate. Place steak on the grill and basil on top of steak. Grill steak for 6 minutes. Remove basil, turn meat over, and place basil back on top of steak. Cook the steak until it begins to firm and is hot and slightly pink in the center, about 6 more minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 130 degrees F (54 degrees C).]
[Combine couscous, green onion, jalapeno, olive oil, cumin, cayenne pepper, and black pepper in a large bowl; stir until olive oil is completely incorporated. Bring vegetable stock, asparagus, and peas to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Pour stock, asparagus, and peas over couscous mixture; shake bowl to settle couscous into liquid. Cover and let stand for 10 minutes. Fluff with a fork, then stir in mint and season with salt and pepper to taste.]
[Cook guanciale with olive oil and 1 teaspoon ground black pepper in a Dutch oven over medium-low heat until almost crisp, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low. Whisk eggs, 3 tablespoons Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, 3 tablespoons Pecorino Romano cheese, and 1 teaspoon ground black pepper in a bowl. Set aside. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until cooked through but firm to the bite, 10 to 12 minutes. Drain, reserving 1 cup of the pasta water. Pour reserved pasta water and drained spaghetti into the bacon-pepper mixture; stir to combine. Slowly pour egg mixture into the pasta mixture; cook, stirring constantly until the egg mixture forms a thick sauce, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir remaining 3 tablespoons Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese and 3 tablespoons Pecorino Romano cheese into the pasta mixture and serve.]
[In a large bowl, mix flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Make a well in the center, and pour in milk, egg and oil. Mix until smooth. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake. Brown on both sides and serve hot.]
[Whisk flour, salt, and baking powder together in a large bowl. Add vegetable shortening and work into flour mixture using a pastry cutter until it resembles coarse crumbs. Form a well in the middle of flour mixture and mix in hot water. Work flour and water mixture together with a fork and transfer to a cutting board. Knead until a smooth, soft dough is formed, about 3 minutes. Add more flour if dough is too sticky. Place more flour on cutting board, cover dough with bowl, and let rest for 15 minutes. Cut ball of dough into eight equal parts and cover until needed. Roll out balls of dough either by hand or with a tortilla press. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Place flattened tortilla in skillet and cook until it begins to bubble, about 1 minute. Flip tortilla over and cook for an additional minute. Flip again and cook for 1 more minute. Repeat with remaining dough.]
[Combine hoisin sauce, garlic, soy sauce, ginger, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, rice vinegar, sherry vinegar, sesame oil, 2 teaspoons sugar, hot sauce, white pepper, and black pepper in a large bowl. Whisk thoroughly and set aside. Place pork chops in a resealable freezer bag; pour slightly more than 1/2 the marinade into freezer bag over pork chops. Seal bag and refrigerate for 6 to 8 hours. Reserve remaining marinade. Combine 1/4 cup red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons hot mustard powder, and egg yolk in a small saucepan over medium-low heat. Whisk until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes; remove from heat. Stir in creme fraiche, Dijon mustard, turmeric, and cayenne pepper. Refrigerate until needed. Remove pork chops from marinade and pat dry using paper towel. Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat, and lightly oil the grate. Cook pork chops on the preheated grill until browned grill marks appear, about 4 minutes per side. Move pork chops from directly above heat source. Continue cooking over indirect medium heat, brushing the remaining marinade on each side, until no longer pink inside, about 25 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Serve pork chops topped with mustard sauce.]
[Scrub the potato, and prick several time with the tines of a fork. Place on a plate. Cook on full power in the microwave for 5 minutes. Turn over, and continue to cook for 5 more minutes. When the potato is soft, remove from the microwave, and cut in half lengthwise. Season with salt and pepper, and mash up the inside a little using a fork. Top the open sides with butter and 2 tablespoons of cheese. Return to the microwave, and cook for about 1 minute to melt the cheese. Top with remaining cheese and sour cream, and serve.]
[Heat oil in a large, heavy skillet over medium heat. Stir in onion, and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Mix rice into skillet, stirring often. When rice begins to brown, stir in chicken broth and salsa. Reduce heat, cover and simmer 20 minutes, until liquid has been absorbed.]
[In a double boiler, melt the chocolate and shortening, stirring occasionally until smooth. Holding them by the toothpicks, dip the strawberries into the chocolate mixture. Insert toothpicks into the tops of the strawberries. Turn the strawberries upside down and insert the toothpick into styrofoam for the chocolate to cool.]
[Combine flour, salt, sugar, and yeast in a large bowl.  Mix in oil and warm water.  Spread out on a large pizza pan.  Top as desired. Bake at 375 degrees C (190 degrees C) for 20 to 25 minutes.]
[Combine butter and olive oil in a large Dutch oven over medium-low heat. Stir in onion and celery with a pinch of salt; cook until onion is soft and golden, 6 to 7 minutes. Stir in garlic and cook for 1 minute. Stir wine into onion mixture; increase heat to high and bring to a simmer. Stir in tomato puree, water, bay leaf, oregano, red pepper flakes, and Worcestershire sauce. Reduce heat to low and simmer 35 minutes. Increase heat to high and bring mixture to a boil. Stir in lemon and cod, return to simmer, about 2 minutes. Stir in crab, shrimp, and mussels. Cover and simmer until all mussels are cooked and open, about 5 minutes. Stir in fresh parsley and basil; season with salt and pepper to taste.]
[In a large bowl, cream together the confectioners' sugar and shortening until smooth. Gradually mix in the milk and vanilla with an electric mixer until smooth and stiff, about 5 minutes. Color with food coloring if desired.]
[Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.  Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes. Drain and mash. Mix in butter, finely chopped onion and 1/4 cup shredded cheese. Season with salt and pepper to taste; set aside. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.  Add carrots and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes. Drain, mash and set aside. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C.) Heat oil in a large frying pan. Add onion and cook until clear. Add ground beef and cook until well browned. Pour off excess fat, then stir in flour and cook 1 minute. Add ketchup and beef broth. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Spread the ground beef in an even layer on the bottom of a 2 quart casserole dish. Next, spread a layer of mashed carrots. Top with the mashed potato mixture and sprinkle with remaining shredded cheese. Bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes, or until golden brown.]
[In a medium bowl, cream together the cream cheese and butter until creamy. Mix in the vanilla, then gradually stir in the confectioners' sugar. Store in the refrigerator after use.]
[Place the pork tenderloin in a slow cooker; pour the root beer over the meat. Cover and cook on low until well cooked and the pork shreds easily, 6 to 7 hours. Note: the actual length of time may vary according to individual slow cooker. Drain well. Stir in barbecue sauce. Serve over hamburger buns.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Butter a 1 quart casserole dish. Layer 1/2 of the potatoes into bottom of the prepared casserole dish. Top with the onion slices, and add the remaining potatoes. Season with salt and pepper to taste. In a medium-size saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Mix in the flour and salt, and stir constantly with a whisk for one minute. Stir in milk. Cook until mixture has thickened. Stir in cheese all at once, and continue stirring until melted, about 30 to 60 seconds. Pour cheese over the potatoes, and cover the dish with aluminum foil. Bake 1 1/2 hours in the preheated oven.]
[In a Dutch oven, cook sausage, ground beef, onion, and garlic over medium heat until well browned. Stir in crushed tomatoes, tomato paste, tomato sauce, and water. Season with sugar, basil, fennel seeds, Italian seasoning, 1 teaspoon salt, pepper, and 2 tablespoons parsley. Simmer, covered, for about 1 1/2 hours, stirring occasionally. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook lasagna noodles in boiling water for 8 to 10 minutes. Drain noodles, and rinse with cold water.  In a mixing bowl, combine ricotta cheese with egg, remaining parsley, and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C). To assemble, spread 1 1/2 cups of meat sauce in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish.  Arrange 6 noodles lengthwise over meat sauce. Spread with one half of the ricotta cheese mixture. Top with a third of mozzarella cheese slices. Spoon 1 1/2 cups meat sauce over mozzarella, and sprinkle with 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese.  Repeat layers, and top with remaining mozzarella and Parmesan cheese. Cover with foil: to prevent sticking, either spray foil with cooking spray, or make sure the foil does not touch the cheese. Bake in preheated oven for 25 minutes. Remove foil, and bake an additional 25 minutes. Cool for 15 minutes before serving.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x5 inch loaf pan. In a large bowl, combine flour, baking soda and salt. In a separate bowl, cream together butter and brown sugar. Stir in eggs and mashed bananas until well blended. Stir banana mixture into flour mixture; stir just to moisten. Pour batter into prepared loaf pan. Bake in preheated oven for 60 to 65 minutes, until a toothpick inserted into center of the loaf comes out clean. Let bread cool in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack.]
[In a slow cooker, mix cream of mushroom soup, dry onion soup mix and water. Place pot roast in slow cooker and coat with soup mixture. Cook on High setting for 3 to 4 hours, or on Low setting for 8 to 9 hours.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large bowl, combine the beef, egg, onion, milk and bread OR cracker crumbs. Season with salt and pepper to taste and place in a lightly greased 5x9 inch loaf pan, OR form into a loaf and place in a lightly greased 9x13 inch baking dish. In a separate small bowl, combine the brown sugar, mustard and ketchup. Mix well and pour over the meatloaf. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 hour.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x9 inch pan or line a muffin pan with paper liners. In a medium bowl, cream together the sugar and butter. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then stir in the vanilla. Combine flour and baking powder, add to the creamed mixture and mix well. Finally stir in the milk until batter is smooth. Pour or spoon batter into the prepared pan. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes in the preheated oven. For cupcakes, bake 20 to 25 minutes. Cake is done when it springs back to the touch.]
[Place pork tenderloin in a slow cooker with the contents of the soup packet. Pour water, wine, and soy sauce over the top, turning the pork to coat. Carefully spread garlic over the pork, leaving as much on top of the roast during cooking as possible. Sprinkle with pepper, cover, and cook on low setting for 4 hours. Serve with cooking liquid on the side as au jus.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour three 7x3 inch loaf pans. In a large bowl, mix together pumpkin puree, eggs, oil, water and sugar until well blended. In a separate bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves and ginger. Stir the dry ingredients into the pumpkin mixture until just blended. Pour into the prepared pans. Bake for about 50 minutes in the preheated oven. Loaves are done when toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.]
[Mix garlic and vegetable oil in a small bowl. Set aside for 1 hour. Preheat oven to 225 degrees F (110 degrees C). Combine black pepper, paprika, coriander, dry mustard, white pepper, and cayenne pepper in a large bowl. Set aside. Cover a baking sheet with a large sheet of heavy-duty aluminum foil. Coat aluminum foil with prepared garlic oil. Lay corned beef brisket on foil and brush with remaining garlic oil. Cover all sides of corned beef brisket completely with pepper mixture, reserving 1 to 2 tablespoons. With fat side of corned beef brisket up, wrap in the sheet of aluminum foil. Place wrapped corned beef on another sheet of aluminum foil with the seam and fat side down. Place double-wrapped corned beef on a third sheet of aluminum foil (seam down), and wrap again. Bake in the preheated oven for 6 hours. Remove pastrami from the oven and let cool to room temperature, about 3 hours. With pastrami still wrapped in aluminum foil, place in a freezer bag or other plastic bag and refrigerate for 8 to 10 hours. Preheat the oven's broiler and set the oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Remove pastrami from refrigerator, unwrap, and place on the prepared baking sheet. Sprinkle top with 1 to 2 tablespoons of remaining pepper mixture. Place pastrami in the oven, 6 to 8 inches below broiler heat. Broil briefly to brown surface, about 3 to 4 minutes. Remove pastrami from the oven and slice thinly, about 1/8-inch slices. Heat a large skillet over low heat. Heat pastrami slices in the skillet with a few drops of water until fat begins to turn from white to translucent, about 5 minutes.]
[Season halibut steaks generously with salt and black pepper. Refrigerate until needed. Place bacon in a skillet and cook over medium heat. When bacon is about half cooked, 4 to 6 minutes, stir in beans and pinch of salt. Cook, stirring, until bacon is crisp and beans are almost tender, 4 to 6 minutes. Transfer bacon and beans to a bowl and return skillet with bacon drippings to the stove over medium-high heat. When bacon drippings just begin to smoke, place 2 halibut steaks in the skillet; cook until browned and meat is just starting to pull away from the bone, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer steaks to a plate and repeat for remaining 2 steaks. Remove skillet from heat and pour in water; bring to a boil while scraping any browned bits off the bottom of the pan. Return beans and bacon to the skillet and stir in lemon juice; cook and stir 1 to 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Spoon hot bean and bacon relish over halibut steaks and serve.]
[Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add beans and cook uncovered until nearly tender, about 5 minutes. Drain well, and set aside in a large bowl. Smash garlic, olive oil, mint, and salt using mortar and pestle. Pour vinegar and half of olive oil mixture over beans and toss well. Transfer beans to a resealable freezer bag. Pour remaining olive oil mixture into bag, squeeze out all air, seal and refrigerate for a minimum of 4 hours. Remove beans from refrigerator, top with fresh mint and serve.]
[Cut tenderloin into 4 pieces. Arrange in a single layer between two sheets of plastic wrap and pound with a meat mallet until each is about 1-inch thick. Generously season with salt and black pepper. Whisk ketchup, rice vinegar, reserved pineapple juice, brown sugar, garlic, hot chili sauce, soy sauce, and red pepper flakes in a bowl. Set aside. Heat vegetable oil in a skillet over high heat. Place pork in pan; reduce heat to medium. Cook until browned on both sides and cooked through, 5 to 6 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate. Return skillet to medium heat. Stir butter into hot pan. When butter melts and starts to brown, stir in pineapple chunks. Cook, stirring, until pineapple is golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in ketchup mixture and 1/4 cup green onion (white parts). Reduce heat to low and simmer until garlic and onion have softened, 5 minutes. Return pork to skillet; cook, stirring, until pork is heated through. Garnish with 2 tablespoons green onion tops.]
[Place jalapeno, rice vinegar, olive oil, and Dijon mustard in a blender. Puree on high until mixture is completely liquefied, 1 to 2 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper to taste.        Watch Now, Season scallops with sea salt and cayenne pepper. Heat vegetable oil in a skillet over high heat. Place scallops in skillet and cook until browned, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate. Garnish scallops with orange segments and drizzle jalapeno vinaigrette over the top.        Watch Now]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Whisk cocoa powder, ancho chile powder, cumin, black pepper, and chipotle pepper in a bowl. Set aside. Generously season tenderloins with salt, then coat in the cocoa powder mixture. Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Place tenderloins in the skillet and reduce heat to medium. Cook until browned on each side, about 4 minutes. Transfer tenderloins to a baking dish; cook in the preheated oven until pork is slightly pink in the center, about 20 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Whisk cherry preserves, vinegar, and oregano in a small saucepan over medium heat; bring to a boil and cook 30 seconds. Remove from heat; season with salt and pepper to taste. Spoon sauce over pork tenderloin and serve.]
[Heat oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Place apple pieces in saucepan; cook and stir until they are slightly caramelized, about 2 minutes. Stir brown sugar into apples; cook, stirring constantly, until the mixture starts to bubble, about 2 minutes. Pour apple cider vinegar into saucepan. Reduce heat to low and cover. Cook until the apples are soft and falling apart, about 30 minutes. Remove from heat. Whisk in mustard, red pepper flakes, and black pepper. Transfer mixture to blender and puree until completely smooth.]
[Whisk barbeque sauce, rice vinegar, and oil in a large bowl until smooth. Stir in corn kernels, red bell pepper, green onions, and white beans to coat. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours.]
[Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add garlic; cook, stirring, until bubbling and sizzling, about 20 seconds. Pour in chicken broth. Bring to a boil and cook until liquid is reduced by half, 6 to 8 minutes. Stir in red pepper flakes. Stir in beans; bring to a boil and cook until you can see the tops of the beans just below the surface of the liquid, 6 to 8 minutes. Stir in oregano, lemon zest, and anchovy filet. Simmer for 3 minutes. Place escarole in bean mixture; reduce heat to low and stir until escarole wilts, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste; garnish with red pepper flakes and extra virgin olive oil.]
[In a medium bowl, blend the taco seasoning mix and refried beans. Spread the mixture onto a large serving platter. Mix the sour cream and cream cheese in a medium bowl. Spread over the refried beans. Top the layers with salsa. Place a layer of tomato, green bell pepper, green onions and lettuce over the salsa, and top with Cheddar cheese. Garnish with black olives.]
[Season beef medallions with salt and pepper to taste and set aside. Heat vegetable oil in a skillet over high heat. Cook beef until browned, about 2 minutes per side. Remove beef to a warm plate. Reduce heat to medium; cook and stir mushrooms, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, olive oil, and a pinch of salt in the skillet until mushrooms are very well browned, about 10 minutes. Mix in tomato sauce; cook and stir until tomato sauce thickens, about 5 minutes. Pour in Marsala wine and increase heat to high. Cook, scraping browned bits from bottom of skillet. Once most of the wine has evaporated, stir in broth and bring to a boil; cook and stir until broth mixture has reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low and return beef to broth mixture; simmer until beef is cooked to medium-rare, about 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer beef to serving plates. Remove skillet from heat. Cook and stir 1 1/2 tablespoons butter and oregano into the sauce until butter melts. Taste for seasoning and adjust if necessary. Spoon sauce over beef and serve immediately.]
[Place ingredients in the pan of the bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer. Select dough cycle; press Start. After the dough has doubled in size turn it out onto a lightly floured surface, cover and let rest for 10 minutes. In a small bowl, combine brown sugar and cinnamon. Roll dough into a 16x21-inch rectangle. Spread dough with 1/3 cup butter and sprinkle evenly with sugar/cinnamon mixture. Roll up dough and cut into 12 rolls. Place rolls in a lightly greased 9x13 inch baking pan. Cover and let rise until nearly doubled, about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Bake rolls in preheated oven until golden brown, about 15 minutes. While rolls are baking, beat together cream cheese, 1/4 cup butter, confectioners' sugar, vanilla extract and salt. Spread frosting on warm rolls before serving.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Spray a baking dish with non-stick cooking spray. Rinse tilapia fillets under cool water, and pat dry with paper towels. Place fillets in baking dish. Pour lemon juice over fillets, then drizzle butter on top. Sprinkle with garlic, parsley, and pepper. Bake in preheated oven until the fish is white and flakes when pulled apart with a fork, about 30 minutes.]
[Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). In a large bowl, cream together the butter, brown sugar, and white sugar until smooth. Beat in eggs one at a time, then stir in vanilla. Combine the flour, baking soda, and salt; stir into the creamed mixture until just blended. Mix in the quick oats, walnuts, and chocolate chips. Drop by heaping spoonfuls onto ungreased baking sheets. Bake for 12 minutes in the preheated oven. Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for 5 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease an 8 inch square pan. Melt butter in large skillet. Remove from heat and stir in sugar. Quickly add eggs and beat until well blended. Combine buttermilk with baking soda and stir into mixture in pan. Stir in cornmeal, flour, and salt until well blended and few lumps remain. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 30 to 40 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.]
[Sprinkle strips of sirloin with garlic powder to taste. In a large skillet over medium heat, heat the vegetable oil and brown the seasoned beef strips. Transfer to a slow cooker. Mix bouillon cube with hot water until dissolved, then mix in cornstarch until dissolved. Pour into the slow cooker with meat. Stir in onion, green peppers, stewed tomatoes, soy sauce, sugar, and salt. Cover, and cook on High for 3 to 4 hours, or on Low for 6 to 8 hours.]
[In a large pitcher or bowl, mix together the brandy, lemon juice, lemonade concentrate, orange juice, red wine, triple sec, and sugar. Float slices of lemon, orange and lime, and maraschino cherries in the mixture. Refrigerate overnight for best flavor. For a fizzy sangria, add club soda just before serving.]
[In a large bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water. Let stand about 10 minutes, until frothy. Stir in sugar, milk, egg, salt, and enough flour to make a soft dough. Knead for 6 to 8 minutes on a lightly floured surface, or until smooth. Place dough in a well oiled bowl, cover with a damp cloth, and set aside to rise. Let it rise 1 hour, until the dough has doubled in volume. Punch down dough, and knead in garlic. Pinch off small handfuls of dough about the size of a golf ball. Roll into balls, and place on a tray. Cover with a towel, and allow to rise until doubled in size, about 30 minutes. During the second rising, preheat grill to high heat. At grill side, roll one ball of dough out into a thin circle. Lightly oil grill. Place dough on grill, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, or until puffy and lightly browned. Brush uncooked side with butter, and turn over. Brush cooked side with butter, and cook until browned, another 2 to 4 minutes. Remove from grill, and continue the process until all the naan has been prepared.]
[Measure flour into a large mixing bowl. Slowly whisk in the milk. Whisk in the salt, eggs, cinnamon, vanilla extract and sugar until smooth. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium heat. Soak bread slices in mixture until saturated. Cook bread on each side until golden brown. Serve hot.]
[In a small bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water. Let stand until creamy, about 10 minutes. In a large bowl, combine 2 cups bread flour, olive oil, salt, white sugar and the yeast mixture; stir well to combine. Beat well until a stiff dough has formed. Cover and rise until doubled in volume, about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Turn dough out onto a well floured surface. Form dough into a round and roll out into a pizza crust shape. Cover with your favorite sauce and toppings and bake in preheated oven until golden brown, about 20 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir in flour until smooth, and cook for one minute. Stir in the salt, sugar, onion, and sour cream. Add green beans, and stir to coat. Transfer the mixture to a 2 1/2 quart casserole dish. Spread shredded cheese over the top. In a small bowl, toss together cracker crumbs and remaining butter, and sprinkle over the cheese. Bake for 30 minutes in the preheated oven, or until the top is golden and cheese is bubbly.]
[In a medium bowl, sift together the confectioners' sugar and cocoa, and set aside. In a large bowl, cream butter until smooth, then gradually beat in sugar mixture alternately with evaporated milk. Blend in vanilla. Beat until light and fluffy. If necessary, adjust consistency with more milk or sugar.]
[In a medium bowl, mix together mayonnaise, sour cream, dry leek soup mix, water chestnuts and chopped spinach. Chill in the refrigerator 6 hours, or overnight. Remove top and interior of sourdough bread. Fill with mayonnaise mixture. Tear removed bread chunks into pieces for dipping.]
[Place the chocolate into a medium bowl. Heat the cream in a small sauce pan over medium heat. Bring just to a boil, watching very carefully because if it boils for a few seconds, it will boil out of the pot. When the cream has come to a boil, pour over the chopped chocolate, and whisk until smooth. Stir in the rum if desired. Allow the ganache to cool slightly before pouring over a cake. Start at the center of the cake and work outward. For a fluffy frosting or chocolate filling, allow it to cool until thick, then whip with a whisk until light and fluffy.]
[Place the water, sugar and yeast in the pan of the bread machine. Let the yeast dissolve and foam for 10 minutes. Add the oil, flour and salt to the yeast. Select Basic or White Bread setting, and press Start.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 9 or 10 inch tube/Bundt(R) pan. Mix white sugar and cinnamon in a plastic bag. Cut biscuits into quarters. Shake 6 to 8 biscuit pieces in the sugar cinnamon mix. Arrange pieces in the bottom of the prepared pan. Continue until all biscuits are coated and placed in pan. If using nuts and raisins, arrange them in and among the biscuit pieces as you go along. In a small saucepan, melt the margarine with the brown sugar over medium heat. Boil for 1 minute. Pour over the biscuits. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 minutes. Let bread cool in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a plate. Do not cut! The bread just pulls apart.]
[Beat eggs and tarragon in a small bowl. Set aside. Sprinkle lobster pieces with cayenne pepper. Melt butter in nonstick pan over medium-low heat. Add lobster; cook, stirring, until warmed through, 2 to 4 minutes. Stir in egg mixture; increase heat to medium and scramble eggs, stirring constantly, until nearly set, 3 to 4 minutes.]
[Place 1/2 cup coarse sea salt, rosemary, and lemon thyme in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse, grinding salt until rosemary and thyme have a fine consistency. Add 1 cup sea salt and pulse to combine. Pour salt mixture into a shallow baking dish and let air dry for 2 hours. Transfer salt to a glass jar and screw on lid.]
[Preheat oven to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C). Season pork belly with paprika, salt, and pepper. Tightly wrap pork twice in heavy-duty aluminum foil. Place on a baking sheet and bake in the preheated oven for 2 1/2 hours. Turn off the oven; let pork rest in the oven for 1 hour. Remove meat from oven, leaving it wrapped in aluminum foil, and refrigerate at least 8 hours or overnight. Remove pork from foil and slice across the grain in 1/4-inch thick slices. Working in batches, cook pork in a non-stick skillet over medium heat until golden and crisped, 6 to 8 minutes per slice.]
[Combine cream and buttermilk in a glass jar. Cover tightly with cheesecloth (or any breathable material) and let sit at room temperature (70 to 75 degrees F (21 to 24 degrees C)) for 24 hours. Stir, screw on lid, and refrigerate for 24 hours before using.]
[Place duck skin and fat in a nonstick pan over medium-low heat. Cook until fat renders and skin is crisp, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove skin with a slotted spoon to a paper towel lined plate, return pan to stove, and increase heat to medium-high. Stir in potatoes with salt and black pepper. Cover and cook, stirring every few minutes, until potatoes are tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove lid and cook, stirring, until potatoes are well-browned and crispy, 5 to 10 minutes. Stir in green garlic, cover, and cook 2 minutes. Stir until onions are soft and dissolved, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer potatoes to a plate and top with crispy duck skin.]
[Whisk minced garlic, olive oil, salt, and black pepper in a bowl, then pour into a resealable plastic bag. Add the steaks, coat with the marinade, squeeze out excess air, and seal the bag. Marinate in the refrigerator for 8 hours or overnight. Combine 12 garlic cloves and 1 cup olive oil in a small saucepan over low heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until garlic is golden and tender, about 30 minutes. Set aside. Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat, and lightly oil the grate. Remove steaks from bag, wiping off excess marinade with paper towels. Generously season steaks with salt and black pepper. Cook the steaks on the prepared grill until they start to firm and are reddish-pink and juicy in the center, about 5 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 130 degrees F (54 degrees C). Remove steaks to a plate and let rest for 5 minutes. Drizzle balsamic vinegar over steaks, then spoon a few cloves of oil-roasted garlic on top.]
[Heat oil in a heavy-duty skillet over high heat. Place 4 to 5 plantain slices in a single layer in the pan and cook until golden brown and tender, 4 to 6 minutes per side. Transfer to a paper-towel lined plate. Repeat with remaining plantain slices. Sprinkle cooked plantains with salt and drizzle with lime.]
[Combine diced tomatoes, cucumber, bell pepper, green onion, jalapeno, and garlic in a large bowl. Stir in salt, cumin, oregano, cayenne pepper, and black pepper. Place cherry tomatoes, olive oil, lime juice, balsamic vinegar, and Worcestershire sauce in a blender. Cover and puree until smooth. Pour pureed mixture through a strainer into the tomato-cucumber mixture; stir to combine. Place 1/3 of the tomato mixture into the blender. Cover, turn blender on, and puree until smooth. Return pureed mixture to the remaining tomato-cucumber mixture. Stir to combine. Cover and chill in refrigerator for 2 hours. Season cold soup with salt and black pepper to taste. Ladle into bowls and top with basil.]
[Stir mango, rice vinegar, lime juice, Thai chile pepper, garlic, and hot chile paste in a bowl until well combined. Cover and let rest 30 minutes. Stir in cilantro.]
[Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat, and lightly oil the grate. Lightly oil steaks with vegetable oil. Stir soy sauce, rice vinegar, horseradish, cherry tomatoes, and hot chile paste in a bowl until well combined. Let sit for 20 minutes. Place steaks over hottest part of the grill and cook for 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate. Spoon soy sauce mixture over steaks and garnish with green onion.]
[Melt butter over medium heat in a deep frying pan. Stir in diced ham and cook until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in red bell pepper, celery, white portions of green onion, jalapeno pepper, and garlic; cook, stirring, until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in Cajun seasoning and cook for 1 minute. Stir in flour; cook and stir until flour is no longer gritty, about 3 minutes. Pour in chicken broth and Worcestershire sauce; increase heat to medium-high. Simmer until vegetables are soft and liquid is reduced and thick, 10 to 15 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low. Stir in shrimp; cook and stir until shrimp are cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and cayenne pepper to taste. Garnish with green parts of green onions.]
[Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Place peppers in the skillet; cook and stir until peppers are shiny and lightly blistered, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Transfer whole hot peppers to 1 quart mason jar and press down. Combine white vinegar, sugar, garlic, black peppercorns, and red pepper flakes in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat. Pour mixture over peppers into mason jar, leaving about 1/2-inch head space. Screw on 2-piece top; let seal over 24 hours.]
[Fill a bowl with ice water. Fill a saucepan with cold water and place over medium heat; stir in vinegar and salt. Bring to a gentle, slow simmer and reduce heat to low. Break each egg into a separate small ramekin; place a ramekin close to the surface of the water and gently pour egg into the simmering water. Let egg white set for a minute or two and use a silicone spatula to gently lift egg from the bottom of the pan to prevent sticking. Cook until white is firm and yolk is runny, about 6 minutes. Lift poached egg from water using a slotted spoon and transfer gently to bowl of ice water to stop the cooking process. Reheat eggs for 1 1/2 to 2 minutes in very gently simmering water and remove with a slotted spoon. Tap bottom of slotted spoon containing egg on a dry paper towel to remove any excess water before serving.]
[Beat eggs in a small bowl. Set aside. Combine tortilla slices and chorizo in a skillet over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until tortillas are crisped, 5 minutes. Place cheese slices on top of chorizo and tortillas; pour in eggs. Reduce heat to low and cook, stirring, until eggs are cooked through, 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste; garnish with chives.]
[Place whole poblano peppers on the grate of a stove-top gas burner set to medium-high. Rotate peppers over the flame using a set of tongs until the outer skin blackens and blisters and is charred on all sides. Transfer peppers to a paper bag, tightly close the bag, and set aside for 20 minutes. Remove peppers from bag and peel off charred skin. Trim stems and seeds; discard. Chop peppers and set aside. Melt butter over medium-high heat in a large stockpot. Add onion; cook and stir until lightly browned around the edges, 5 to 7 minutes. Pour wine into the pot over onions; bring to a boil while scraping any browned bits off of the bottom of the pot. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until onions are well browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in chicken stock, fresh tomatoes, canned tomatoes, poblano chiles, carrot, bay leaf, orange zest, thyme, paprika, salt, and pepper. Bring to a simmer and cook until the vegetables are soft, about 30 minutes. Remove bay leaf and discard. Pour the mixture into a blender, filling the pitcher no more than halfway full. Hold down the lid of the blender with a folded kitchen towel, and carefully start the blender, using a few quick pulses to get the mixture moving before leaving it on to puree. Puree in batches until smooth. Strain soup through a fine mesh sieve back into the stockpot. Alternately, use a stick blender and puree the mixture right in the pot. Return pureed soup to a simmer; stir in cream. Season with salt and black pepper to taste. Serve topped with a dollop of creme fraiche and chopped basil.]
[Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Melt 1/4 cup butter in a large, oven-safe skillet on medium heat. Stir in onions until they are all coated in butter. Transfer skillet to the preheated oven and cook onions, stirring occasionally, until they are tender and well browned, about 1 hour. Transfer skillet to the stovetop; cook and stir onions over medium heat until they start to brown and stick to the bottom of the pan, about 5 minutes. Pour sherry and vinegar into the pan, and bring to a boil while scraping browned bits of onion off the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Place caramelized onions in a large soup pot. Pour in chicken broth, beef broth, and thyme. Bring to a boil, skimming off any foam and fat that appear on top. Reduce heat  to low and simmer for about an hour. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Preheat the oven's broiler and set the oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source. Generously brush French bread slices with melted butter. Place on a baking sheet and broil in the preheated oven until crisp and golden, about 5 minutes. Ladle soup into heat-proof bowls, top each bowl with a piece of toasted bread, sprinkle with 2 to 3 tablespoons of Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese. Broil bowls of soup under the broiler until cheese is golden and bubbly, 5 to 6 minutes.]
[Heat butter in a skillet over medium-low heat until light brown. Stir in mushrooms with a pinch of salt. Cook, stirring, until mushrooms shrink and are almost tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Stir in black pepper. Pour in wine and cook, stirring, until mushrooms are tender, about 5 minutes.]
[Line an 8x8-inch baking dish with plastic wrap. Combine peaches and lime juice in a blender. Puree until very smooth. Pour into a saucepan over medium heat, stir in 1/2 cup sugar, and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring continuously, until thickened, about 15 minutes. Stir in remaining 1 1/2 cups sugar and pectin. Using a thermometer, heat to 205 degrees F (96 degrees C) and cook, stirring continuously, for another 10 minutes. Remove from heat. Pour peach puree into the prepared baking dish. Shake gently and tap on the countertop to remove any air bubbles. Cover and refrigerate at least 8 hours or overnight. Sprinkle about half the 1/2 cup of sugar over a silicone baking mat and invert the peach gelee on top. Remove plastic wrap and sprinkle top with sugar. Trim off any uneven edges and cut gelee into 25 squares.]
[Whisk chicken broth, peach preserves, sherry vinegar, Chinese five-spice powder, and cayenne pepper in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Bring to a boil; cook until reduced and slightly thickened, 5 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper to taste.]
[Stir together herbes de Provence and sea salt in a small bowl. Set aside. Top each slice toasted bread with a generous spread of Burrata cheese. Sprinkle cheese with a pinch of the herbes de Provence sea salt mixture. Set aside. Lay peach slices flat in a single layer on a flame-proof surface or plate. Lightly sprinkle each slice with turbinado sugar. Using a kitchen torch set to a medium-low flame, melt the sugar by making short, even passes over the top of the sugar. Continue melting the sugar until it bubbles and turns dark brown, about 30 seconds. Place peach slice on each piece of toast and serve.]
[Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Stir in tomato paste and anchovy fillet, cook until fragrant and color deepens, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour in chicken broth and bring to a boil. Stir in tortellini and beans; cook until tortellini are cooked through but still firm to the bite, about 10 minutes. Stir in salt, black pepper, 1 pinch red pepper flakes, and oregano. Add spinach; cook and stir until just wilted, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Ladle into bowls and garnish with red pepper flakes and grated Parmesan cheese.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat. Arrange baguette slices in a single layer on the baking sheet. Lightly brush olive oil on each slice. Bake in the preheated oven until bread starts to crisp, about 12 minutes. Remove from oven. Sprinkle half of the grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese over slices and return to oven; bake for 5 minutes. Remove from oven. Turn each slice over and sprinkle with remaining Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese. Return to oven and bake until crisp, 5 to 10 minutes.]
[Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Cut bread into 3 1/2-inch rounds using a round cutter. Spread peanut butter into the center of 2 slices of bread, leaving 1/2-inch space around the border. Repeat with the jelly for the remaining 2 slices of bread. Place 1 slice jelly bread and 1 slice peanut butter bread together and press down edges to form a seal. Repeat with remaining slices. Place pies in preheated oil and cook until golden and crispy, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towels. Dust with powdered sugar and serve.]
[Cut several very shallow crosswise slashes across the skin of each duck breast about 1/2 inch apart. The cuts should only barely cut into the skin and fat; don't cut into the meat. Season skin sides with salt. Generously season meat sides with salt, black pepper, and thyme. Place duck breasts in a heavy-duty resealable plastic bag, squeeze out all air, and seal. Refrigerate for 1 hour. Fill a large Dutch oven about 2/3 full with water. Bring water to 135 degrees F (57 degrees C) over medium heat. Attach a candy or oil thermometer to the side of the Dutch oven in order to monitor and maintain the water temperature. Place a silicone hot pad into bottom of the pan to keep the plastic bag from contacting the hot bottom of the pan. Place plastic bag containing duck breasts in the Dutch oven, adjusting the heat as necessary to maintain the temperature at 135 degrees F (57 degrees C). Cook for 1 hour, moving the bag around occasionally and maintaining the temperature. Remove duck breasts from plastic bag and pat dry. Generously season skin sides with salt. Heat vegetable oil in a skillet over high heat. Place duck breasts with skin sides down in skillet and cook until fat renders and skin is golden brown, 5 minutes. Turn breasts over and cook until lightly browned and meat still pink in the center, 1 minute. Let duck breasts rest for 2 minutes before slicing.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Season pork with salt and pepper.        Watch Now, Heat oil in an ovenproof skillet over high heat. Cook pork until browned on one side, 3 to 4 minutes. Turn over pork and transfer the skillet to the preheated oven. Cook until pork is browned and still slightly pink in the center, 20 to 25 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Transfer pork to a plate.        Watch Now, Remove any excess oil from the skillet and place it over medium-high heat. Pour in chicken broth and bring to a boil, scraping any browned bits off of the bottom of the pan. Whisk in cream, horseradish, Dijon mustard, and cayenne pepper. Continue cooking until the mixture is reduced to a thick sauce, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from heat and whisk in cold butter. Stir in chives.        Watch Now, Slice pork into 1/2-inch slices and serve topped with sauce.        Watch Now]
[Place potatoes in bowl of water. Set aside. Soak green garlic in a bowl of water to remove dirt or sand. Drain and set aside. Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir minced prosciutto until it begins to sizzle, about 2 minutes. Add green garlic and continue to cook, stirring frequently. Do not let the garlic brown. Season with salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper; cook and stir for 1 to 2 more minutes. Mix chicken broth into green garlic mixture and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to low, cover and cook for 30 minutes. Remove potatoes from the bowl of water and add them to the garlic and broth mixture. Cook until potatoes are tender and easily smashed against the side of the pot, about another 30 minutes. Add broth as needed. Transfer potato chunks and some green garlic chunks to a blender with about 1/2 cup cooking liquid. Puree until smooth, adding more cooking liquid as needed. Stir blended potato mixture back into the pot; stir in heavy cream. Cook over medium-high heat until cream is warmed through, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper to taste. Garnish with fresh chopped chives.]
[Heat olive oil and 1 tablespoon butter in a skillet over medium-high heat. Stir in mushrooms with a pinch of salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until any liquid evaporates and mushrooms are light brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Add 1/2 tablespoon butter and shallots; cook, stirring, until mushrooms are caramelized and almost tender, about 10 minutes. Drizzle in Cognac and vinegar; cook until liquid evaporates, 1 minute. Stir in creme fraiche. Stir in chicken broth, marjoram, and salt and black pepper to taste. Reduce heat to medium-low, cook until slightly thickened and mushrooms are tender, 10 to 15 minutes.]
[Combine green onion, butter, and 1/4 teaspoon seafood seasoning in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook until onion is slightly softened, 2 minutes. Stir tomato soup into saucepan; increase heat to medium and bring to a simmer. Stir in cayenne pepper and reduce heat to medium-low. Stir in crabmeat; cook, stirring occasionally, until crab is cooked through, 5 to 10 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper to taste. Remove from heat. Whisk cream with a pinch of seafood seasoning until light and frothy, about 30 seconds. Ladle bisque into bowls and stir in a teaspoon of frothy cream.]
[Place figs on a flame-proof surface or plate and sprinkle flesh-sides with Demerara sugar. Using a kitchen torch set to a medium-high flame, melt the sugar by making short, even passes over the top of the sugar. Continue melting the sugar until it bubbles and turns dark brown, about 30 seconds. Place Burrata cheese on a plate. Drizzle with olive oil, sprinkle with a pinch of sea salt and black pepper. Place bruleed figs around cheese and serve.]
[Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat, and lightly oil the grate. Place cucumbers and red peppers on grill, cook until slightly softened, about 2 minutes per side. Remove from heat. Combine water, vinegar, sugar, kosher salt, garlic, black peppercorns, dill, and red pepper flakes in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and remove from heat. Pack cucumbers and peppers evenly between two 16-ounce mason jars. Pour hot pickling liquid into jars, leaving 1/4-inch headspace. Screw on lids and let cool to room temperature. Refrigerate for 24 hours before serving.]
[Whisk flour, salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper in a bowl. Gently press perch fillets into flour mixture to coat,  shaking off any excess flour. Heat butter in a skillet over medium heat until butter is foaming and nut-brown in color. Working in batches, place filets in skillet and cook until light golden, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer cooked fillets to a plate, squeeze lemon juice over the top, and serve.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line a muffin pan with paper muffin liners, and lightly spray liners with cooking spray. Melt butter in a heavy saucepan over medium heat until golden brown. Remove from heat and stir in pineapple. Set aside to steep for 20 minutes. Whisk flour, cornmeal, baking soda, and salt until combined. Set aside. Combine buttermilk, eggs, and pineapple mixture in a large bowl. Whisk until smooth, about 1 minute. Add flour mixture to buttermilk mixture; whisk until just combined. Divide batter evenly between the prepared muffin cups and bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center of a muffin comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Cool in the pan for 5 minutes before removing to cool completely on a wire rack.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil; oil lightly. Place short ribs on the baking sheet and season on all sides with garam masala, salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Bake short ribs in the preheated oven until browned, about 20 minutes. Combine onion, tomato paste, vegetable oil, and red curry paste in a large Dutch oven over medium heat until onion begins to soften, about 3 minutes. Stir in garlic cloves and cook until garlic is lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in chicken broth, coconut milk, fish sauce, bay leaves, and star anise. Increase heat to medium-high and bring to a simmer. Transfer browned short ribs into coconut milk mixture. Reduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) and bake until ribs are tender when pierced with a fork, 3 hours. Remove Dutch oven from the oven, transfer short ribs to a small bowl, and set aside. Return Dutch over to the stove top over high heat. Skim fat from top as it begins to boil and remove any bones that may have fallen from the meat. Stir in cauliflower and cover Dutch oven. Cook until cauliflower is tender, about 5 minutes. Remove bones from short ribs and place meat in the Dutch oven. Stir in green onions and basil leaves; season with salt and pepper to taste.]
[Trim stem and cut butternut squash in half lengthwise. Place in a microwave-safe dish, cover with plastic wrap, and microwave until tender, about 8 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to cool. Discard skin and set squash aside. Whisk mascarpone cheese, 1/2 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, eggs, salt, and black pepper in a bowl until smooth. Whisk in butternut squash until blended. Whisk in 1/2 cup flour until just incorporated. Whisk in remaining 1/2 cup flour, stirring until flour just disappears. Cover and refrigerate for at least 8 hours or overnight. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Melt about 1/3 of the butter in large nonstick skillet; remove from heat. Scoop out approximately 1 1/2 teaspoons of the butternut squash dough with a spoon. Using a second spoon, push the dough off the first spoon and into the boiling water. Repeat with remaining dough, working in batches of 12 to 15 gnocchi at a time. When a gnocchi rise to the surface, cook for 1 additional minute, then transfer with a slotted spoon to the melted butter in the skillet. Place the skillet over medium-high heat; cook gnocchi until golden brown on one side, about 3 minutes. Season with cayenne pepper, salt, and black pepper. Turn gnocchi over and stir in sage leaves. Cook until second side is golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to plate and drizzle with browned butter from the skillet. Garnish with 1 tablespoon Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese and serve.]
[Fill a large Dutch oven about 2/3 full with water. Bring water to 130 degrees F (54 degrees C) over medium heat. Attach a candy/oil thermometer to the side of the Dutch oven in order to monitor and maintain the water temperature. Generously season steaks with salt and black pepper. Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over high heat. Place steaks in skillet and cook until just browned, 1 minute per side. Transfer steaks to a resealable plastic bag, squeeze out all air, and seal. Place plastic bag containing steaks in the Dutch oven, adjusting the heat as necessary to maintain the temperature at 130 degrees F (54 degrees C). Cook for 2 1/2 hours, moving the bag around occasionally and maintaining the temperature. While the steaks are cooking, heat 1 tablespoon butter in the skillet over medium-low heat. Add mushrooms; cook, stirring, until mushrooms are soft, 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate and set aside. Remove steaks from plastic bag (reserving any accumulated juices) and pat dry. Generously season with salt and pepper. Heat 1 teaspoon vegetable oil in the skillet over high heat. Place steaks in skillet and cook to form a crust, 2 minutes per side. Transfer steaks to a plate. Stir garlic and reserved mushrooms into skillet, reduce heat to medium, and cook until mushrooms are reheated, 2 minutes. Stir in reserved juices, water, and balsamic vinegar. Remove from heat. Stir in 1 tablespoon cold butter until completely melted and incorporated. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Spoon sauce over steaks and serve.]
[Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Stir in shrimp shells; cook, stirring, until shells turn pink, 2 minutes. Pour in water and bring to a simmer; cook 20 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Stir in green onions, celery, and jalapeno; cook, stirring, until mixture is slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium low, stir in flour and cook 3 minutes. Pour tomato soup into onion mixture; stir to combine. Pour shrimp shell mixture through a mesh strainer into tomato soup mixture. Increase heat to medium-high and bring to a simmer. Stir coconut milk, red curry paste, and fish sauce into tomato soup mixture, bring to a simmer and cook for 15 minutes. Stir in shrimp, decrease to heat to low and simmer until shrimp are cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. Ladle bisque into bowls, place a rice cracker in the middle, and top the cracker with sliced basil.]
[Combine water and sugar in saucepan over medium heat; cook until sugar melts and the liquid begins to simmer. Remove from heat and cool to room temperature. Place blackberries, sugar water mixture, pepper, and salt in a blender. Cover and blend until the mixture is liquefied and smooth. Pour through a mesh strainer into a shallow dish. Tap dish gently to evenly distribute mixture across the bottom. Cover and freeze until solid, at least 2 1/2 hours. Scrape blackberry mixture into a slush using the tines of a fork. Cover and return to the freezer until ready to serve.]
[Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat, and lightly oil the grate. Place figs, skin-side down, on grill. Cook until figs start to swell and bubble, 2 to 4 minutes. Whisk together balsamic vinegar and olive oil until completely combined, about 1 minute. Place Burrata cheese on top of each piece of toast. Spread figs around bread and drizzle with balsamic vinegar mixture. Season with sea salt and black pepper to taste.]
[Whisk together flour, sugar, and salt in a bowl. Cut in cold butter with a pastry blender until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Make a well in the flour mixture and pour in water and vodka, if using. Toss with a fork until flour mixture is moistened, then use your hands to bring dough together into a ball. Flatten into a disc, wrap in plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 2 hours. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat. Roll dough into a large disk about 13 inches wide and 1/8-inch thick. Transfer dough to the prepared baking sheet. Pour cherry filling into the middle of the dough, leaving a 3-inch border. Fold the outside edge of the dough over the fruit, making occasional pleats. Brush milk over dough; generously sprinkle with sugar. Bake in the preheated oven until crust is golden and the fruit is bubbling, 35 minutes.]
[Preheat the oven's broiler and set the oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat. Arrange baguette slices in a single layer on the baking sheet. Place under broiler until golden, 2 minutes. Turn each slice over and broil 2 minutes. Turn off broiler.        Watch Now, Turn each slice over again; drizzle with olive oil. Push chocolate piece into the center of each slice and return baking sheet to oven for 2 more minutes. Remove from oven and lightly sprinkle each chocolate piece with sea salt.        Watch Now]
[Place brisket, fat-side up, in the bottom of a Dutch oven. Stir in water, coconut milk, tomato paste, fish sauce, red curry paste, coriander, and bay leaves. Bring to a boil and skim off any foam that accumulates. Stir in onion, celery, and carrots. Bring mixture to a boil; reduce heat to low, cover, and cook for 3 hours, turning once. Stir in potatoes and cabbage; cook until potatoes are tender and cabbage is soft and sweet, about 35 minutes. Transfer beef to a plate; thinly slice across the grain. Ladle potato cabbage mixture into bowls and top with sliced beef.]
[Place cranberry beans into a large container and cover with several inches of cool water; let stand 8 hours to overnight. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Stir in onion. Cook, stirring, until onions are softened and translucent, 6 to 8 minutes. Stir in cranberry beans, chicken broth, water, Italian seasoning, bay leaf, red pepper flakes, rosemary, and thyme. Pierce Cotechino all over with the tip of a knife, then place in broth and beans mixture. Bring to a simmer, skimming any foam that accumulates. Reduce heat to low; cook until beans are tender, 1 hour. Transfer Cotechino to a cutting board; discard string and casing, then slice into 1/4-inch rounds. Stir Swiss chard into bean and broth mixture. Simmer until chard is wilted, 3 to 4 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper to taste. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Working in batches, cook the Cotechino rounds until crisped and browned, about 1 minute per side. Ladle beans into bowls and top with Cotechino rounds.]
[Place cranberry sauce, Dijon mustard, garlic, salt, black pepper, rice vinegar, and cider vinegar into a blender. Turn the blender on and process until smooth, about 30 seconds. Pour in walnut oil in a steady stream, then vegetable oil. Blend until the salad dressing is thick and creamy, about 1 minute.]
[Mix milk, cream cheese, and salt in a mixing bowl; whisk together until smooth and foamy. Add sugar and arepas flour to milk mixture; mix with a spatula until dough is soft, thick, and workable, about 1 minute. Divide dough into 4 portions (for the 4 wells in the maker). Form each quarter into a ball and use wet hands to gently shape it into a thick patty about 1/2-inch thick. If you see little cracks on the outside, the dough may be a little too dry; add more milk. Heat arepas maker; lightly coat wells of the arepas machine with vegetable oil. Place patties into wells of maker, close lid, and let cook through one cooking cycle of machine, about 5 minutes. For a crisper crust, flip arepas, using a wooden spoon or spatula, and repeat cooking cycle for 5 more minutes. Patties will be crusty and browned on both sides and the insides will be cooked all the way through.]
[Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Drizzle olive oil over the bottom of a 9x13-inch casserole dish. Pour tomatoes and their juices into the dish; cut each tomato into 3 pieces. Sprinkle in onion, garlic, red pepper flakes, and 2 teaspoons oregano; stir to combine. Roast in the preheated oven for 1 hour. Remove dish from oven, stir briefly, return to oven and roast for an additional 15 minutes. Transfer roasted tomato mixture to a saucepan; pour in water. Process mixture with an immersion blender or potato masher until desired sauce consistency is reached. Stir in 1 teaspoon oregano. Season with salt and black pepper to taste. Set aside. Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Once the water is boiling, stir in the ditalini and return to a boil. Cook the pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pasta has cooked through but is still firm to the bite, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain well and return to pot. Pour tomato sauce over ditalini; stir to combine. Stir in goat cheese.]
[Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Generously season lamb chops with salt and black pepper. Heat vegetable oil in a Dutch oven over high heat. Place lamb chops in Dutch oven and cook until browned on all sides, about 8 minutes. Transfer lamb to a plate and reduce heat to medium. Stir onion and a pinch of salt into the Dutch oven; cook until onions are slightly golden, about 3 minutes. Stir in garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Pour pomegranate juice into the Dutch oven and scrape any browned bits off of the bottom of the pot. Pour in balsamic vinegar, increase heat to high, and bring to a boil. Stir rosemary, mint leaves, and red pepper flakes into pomegranate juice mixture. Continue to boil until liquid is reduced by half, about 10 minutes. Return lamb and any accumulated juices to Dutch oven, spoon pomegranate mixture over lamb, and cover. Cook in the preheated oven until meat is fork tender, about 2 hours. Transfer lamb to a plate and set Dutch oven on the stovetop over high heat. Bring pomegranate mixture to a boil; cook, skimming any fat that accumulates, until liquid is reduced by 1/3, about 5 minutes. Stir in honey and season with salt and black pepper to taste. Return lamb to the Dutch oven; stir to combine. Garnish with pomegranate seeds, sliced mint leaves, and pumpkin seeds.]
[Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Generously season lamb shanks with salt and black pepper. Heat vegetable oil in a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Place lamb shanks in the Dutch oven, cook, turning, until browned on all sides, about 10 minutes. Transfer shanks to a plate. Drain off remaining oil and fat so only 1 tablespoon remains in the Dutch oven. Stir onion, garlic, and a pinch of salt into the Dutch oven; decrease heat to medium-low and cook, stirring, until onions are softened and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add tomato paste, chipotle chile powder, ancho chile powder, and ground cinnamon; stir to combine. Pour 1 cup chicken broth over onion mixture. Increase heat to high; when liquid boils, place lamb shanks in Dutch oven. Cover and cook in the preheated oven for 90 minutes. Remove Dutch oven and stir in jalapeno pepper, red bell pepper and 1/2 cup chicken stock; bring to a boil on the stovetop. Return pan to the oven and cook, uncovered, until lamb shanks are fork tender, about 20 minutes. Transfer lamb to plate. Place Dutch oven on the stovetop over high heat; bring liquid to a boil and cook, skimming off any foam, until liquid is reduced and thickened, about 5 minutes. Stir in cilantro; season with salt and pepper to taste. Spoon sauce over lamb shanks and serve.]
[Stir flour and 1 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Set aside. Mix water, yeast, and sugar in a large bowl. Let stand until yeast begins to form a creamy foam, about 5 minutes. Stir half the flour mixture into yeast mixture until no dry spots remain. Stir in remaining flour, 1/2 cup at a time, mixing well after each addition. When dough pulls together, turn it out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 8 minutes. Lightly oil a large bowl, then place dough in the bowl and turn to coat with oil. Cover with a light cloth and let rise in a warm place (80 to 95 degrees F (27 to 35 degrees C)) until doubled in volume, about 1 hour. Punch dough down, divide into 4 equal pieces, and form each into a ball. Preheat oven with a pizza stone to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C). Stretch out and pat 1 dough ball to form a circle 10 to 12 inches in diameter. Place dough on a lightly floured pizza peel. Top with 1/2 cup of tomato sauce and spread to cover within an inch of the edge of the dough. Arrange 5 slices of mozzarella cheese on top of the tomato sauce, then place 5 basil leaves on top. Drizzle pizza with 1 tablespoon olive oil and sprinkle with sea salt to taste. Repeat for 3 remaining dough balls. Slide each pizza onto the pizza stone in the preheated oven. Bake until cheese is bubbly and the underside of the crust is golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat. Place fennel slices in a bowl. Drizzle 1 tablespoon olive oil over fennel and toss to coat. Transfer to prepared baking sheet and roast in the preheated oven until fennel is cooked through and beginning to caramelize, 25 to 35 minutes. Heat 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic; cook, stirring frequently until garlic is fragrant and light golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir mussels into garlic; toss to evenly combine. Stir in roasted fennel, cherry tomatoes, and white wine. Bring to a boil, cover, and cook until mussels are all opened, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in parsley and serve.]
[Preheat an oven to 550 degrees F (285 degrees C). Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add asparagus and cook uncovered until just tender, about 2 minutes. Drain in a colander, then immediately immerse in ice water for several minutes. Once asparagus is cold, drain well and set aside. Combine ricotta, olive oil, garlic, red pepper flakes, salt, black pepper, and heavy cream in a small bowl. Stir in fresh herbs (if using) and set aside. To shape the pizza dough, sprinkle the countertop and dough surface with flour and lightly pat flat. Use a rolling pin to form a thin disk about 9 inches in diameter. Transfer to a baking sheet. Spread ricotta mixture over crust, top with ham and asparagus. Sprinkle with Cheddar and Parmigiano-Reggiano cheeses. Place baking sheet on the bottom rack of the preheated oven and bake for 5 minutes. Transfer the baking sheet to the top rack and bake for an additional 5 minutes.]
[Stir butter and garlic in stockpot over medium heat until butter begins to brown. Remove garlic and discard. Stir shallots into browned butter. Cook and stir until translucent, 5 to 7 minutes. Pour sherry over shallots in the stockpot and bring to a boil while scraping any browned bits off of the bottom of the pot. Simmer until liquid is reduced by half, 3 to 5 minutes. Pour reserved oyster liquor, milk, and cream into the stockpot; bring mixture to a simmer. Reduce heat to medium-low and stir in oysters; cook until oyster edges begin to ruffle, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in parsley; season with sea salt to taste. Ladle into bowls and garnish with sweet paprika and oyster crackers.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Combine onion, green bell pepper, milk, 1/4 cup ketchup, and eggs in a blender and puree until smooth. Stir ground beef, crushed saltine crackers, kosher salt, dry mustard in a large bowl. Add onion and egg mixture; stir to combine. Transfer beef mixture to a shallow baking dish and shape into a loaf. Drizzle top of the meatloaf with 2 tablespoons ketchup. Bake in the preheated over for 45 minutes. Remove from oven and let meatloaf to rest uncovered for 15 minutes. Slice and serve.]
[Drain tomatoes in a strainer for 15 minutes. Combine tomatoes, onion, jalapeno pepper, serrano pepper, and garlic in a large bowl. Pour lime juice over the top. Stir in oregano, cayenne pepper, salt, sugar, mint, and cilantro. Refrigerate for 1 hour. Season with salt to taste.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Melt butter in a saucepan over medium-low heat; stir in onions and pinch of salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until onions are soft, about 5 minutes. Stir garlic into onions and remove from heat. Mix green onion mixture, spinach, artichoke hearts, cream cheese, Gruyere, Parmigiano-Reggiano, hot sauce, nutmeg, salt, and pepper in a large bowl until combined. Spoon artichoke mixture into two ramekins. Top each with shredded mozzarella cheese. Bake in the preheated oven until tops are golden brown and bubbling, about 25 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line 2 pie plates with aluminum foil. Pinch about 1/2 teaspoon sausage off and roll into a small oval shape. Stuff the sausage piece into a pepper. Repeat with remaining sausage and peppers. Drizzle 1 teaspoon olive oil into each foil-lined pie plate and divide the stuffed peppers into each one. Rotate the plates to roll and coat poppers in the oil. Roast poppers in the preheated oven until the sausage is cooked through and the poppers are very slightly dried out, about 20 minutes. Let cool before serving. Arrange onto a serving platter and sprinkle with parsley.]
[Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Combine chopped parsley, vinegar, fresh lemon juice, garlic, honey, red pepper flakes, and salt in a large bowl. Mix well and set aside. Whisk olive oil, salt, cumin, black pepper, dried Italian herbs, cinnamon, coriander, and paprika in a large bowl until combined. Coat each lamb breasts in the olive oil and spice mixture and transfer to a roasting pan, fat side up. Tightly cover roasting pan with aluminum foil and bake in the preheated oven until the meat is tender when pierced with a fork, about 2 hours. Remove lamb from oven and cut into four pieces. Increase oven temperature to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and place lamb pieces on it. Brush the tops of each piece with fat drippings from the roasting pan. Bake lamb until meat is browned and edges are crispy, about 20 minutes. Increase the oven's broiler to high and brown lamb for 4 minutes. Remove from oven. Serve lamb topped with parsley and vinegar sauce.]
[Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Bring a large pot of generously salted water to a boil. Add the vegetables, and cook uncovered for 3 minutes. Drain in a colander, then immediately immerse in ice water for several minutes until cold to stop the cooking process. Once the vegetables are cold, drain well, and set aside. Cook garlic and butter in a large skillet over medium heat until garlic starts sizzling, about 3 minutes. Stir in chicken broth, heavy cream, thyme, nutmeg, and cayenne pepper; cook until mixture begins to simmer, about 5 minutes. Coat a 9x13-inch baking dish with olive oil and spread vegetables evenly over the oil. Pour broth and cream mixture over vegetables and top with half of the grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese. Cover baking dish loosely with aluminum foil, place on a baking sheet, and bake in the preheated oven for 40 minutes. Remove baking dish from the oven and top with remaining Parmigiano-Reggiano. Bake uncovered until vegetables are browned, bubbling, and tender, about an additional 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest for 20 minutes.]
[Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until cooked through but firm to the bite, about 12 minutes. Drain and transfer to a pasta bowl. Combine garlic and olive oil in a cold skillet. Cook over medium heat to slowly toast garlic, about 10 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low when olive oil begins to bubble. Cook and stir until garlic is golden brown, about another 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir red pepper flakes, black pepper, and salt into the pasta. Pour in olive oil and garlic, and sprinkle on Italian parsley and half of the Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese; stir until combined. Serve pasta topped with the remaining Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese.]
[Cook sausage in a Dutch oven over medium heat until browned, about 15 minutes. Stir in parsley and cook for about 2 minutes. Stir in white wine and cook until the wine has nearly evaporated, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in heavy cream, increase heat to high and bring to a boil. Stir in marinara sauce and water and return to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer sauce for 1 hour. Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a boil. Stir in penne, and return to a boil. Cook pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until cooked through, but still firm to the bite, about 11 minutes; drain. Combine pasta and sauce; remove from heat, cover and let sit for about 2 minutes. Serve pasta and sauce topped with grated Parmigiano-Reggiano.]
[Remove any fat and gristle from the roast and cut into strips 1/2 inch thick by 2 inches long. Season with 1/2 teaspoon of both salt and pepper. In a large skillet over medium heat, melt the butter and brown the beef strips quickly, then push the beef strips off to one side. Add the onions and cook slowly for 3 to 5 minutes, then push to the side with the beef strips. Stir the flour into the juices on the empty side of the pan. Pour in beef broth and bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Lower the heat and stir in mustard. Cover and simmer for 1 hour or until the meat is tender. Five minutes before serving, stir in the mushrooms, sour cream, and white wine. Heat briefly then salt and pepper to taste.]
[In a large bowl, cream together the butter, shortening, and vanilla. Blend in confectioners' sugar, 1 cup at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in the milk, and continue mixing until light and fluffy. Keep icing covered until ready to decorate.]
[In a large bowl, thoroughly mix kiwis, Golden Delicious apples, raspberries, strawberries, white sugar, brown sugar and fruit preserves. Cover and chill in the refrigerator at least 15 minutes. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Coat one side of each flour tortilla with butter flavored cooking spray. Cut into wedges and arrange in a single layer on a large baking sheet. Sprinkle wedges with desired amount of cinnamon sugar. Spray again with cooking spray. Bake in the preheated oven 8 to 10 minutes. Repeat with any remaining tortilla wedges. Allow to cool approximately 15 minutes. Serve with chilled fruit mixture.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Spray or lightly grease a 9 inch round cake pan. In a large bowl, combine flour, cornmeal, sugar, salt and baking powder. Stir in egg, milk and vegetable oil until well combined. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the loaf comes out clean.]
[Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). In a large plastic bag, combine the soup mix, red potatoes and olive oil. Close bag, and shake until potatoes are fully covered. Pour potatoes into a medium baking dish; bake 40 minutes in the preheated oven, stirring occasionally.]
[In a large bowl, mix together flour, salt, baking powder and sugar; set aside. Preheat waffle iron to desired temperature. In a separate bowl, beat the eggs. Stir in the milk, butter and vanilla. Pour the milk mixture into the flour mixture; beat until blended. Ladle the batter into a preheated waffle iron. Cook the waffles until golden and crisp. Serve immediately.]
[Toast guajillo chiles, ancho chiles, and chipotle chiles in a dry pan over medium heat, stirring constantly, until warm and aromatic, about 3 minutes. Transfer to the blender with chicken broth. Heat 2 cups chicken broth in a saucepan until it begins to simmer, about 5 minutes. Pour broth into a blender. Toast dinner roll pieces and tortilla strips in a dry pan over medium heat, stirring constantly, until lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Transfer to the blender with chicken broth and chiles Allow the chiles and toasted bread and tortillas to soak, fully submerged, in the chicken broth until softened, about 10 minutes. Blend the mixture until smooth. Cook tomatoes and tomatillos in a dry skillet on medium-high heat until soft and blackened, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Place tomatoes in the blender with the chile puree. Melt lard in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir in onion, garlic, peanuts, raisins, cumin seeds, thyme, cinnamon sticks, cloves, and allspice berries; cook and stir until onions are soft and golden, 5 to 8 minutes. Remove the cinnamon sticks and other whole spices; add onion mixture to the blender with the chile-tomato mixture and blend until smooth. Pour chile puree into a large saucepan over medium heat. Stir in chocolate chicken broth, sugar, and salt. Bring mixture to a simmer; stir until chocolate is melted and sauce is thickened and slightly reduced, 10 to 15 minutes.]
[Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until cooked through but firm to the bite, about 12 minutes. Drain and return to the pot. Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook and stir leek in butter until slightly softened, 6 to 7 minutes; season with salt. Pour white wine and lemon juice over the leeks, and bring to a boil while scraping any browned bits of food from the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Simmer until most of the liquid evaporates, about 5 minutes. Stir creme fraiche, mustard, and 1 pinch cayenne pepper into the leek mixture. Reduce heat to low and let cook until warmed, about 5 minutes. Add salmon to sauce; cook and stir until salmon starts to flake and is no longer pink in the center, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove pan from heat and stir in cilantro. Pour sauce over spaghetti; toss to coat. Garnish with a pinch of cayenne pepper.]
[Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Roll pie dough to fit a 9 inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate and chill for at least 20 minutes before baking. Line the chilled pie crust with foil and fill halfway up with dried beans, rice, or baking weights. Bake in the preheated oven for 7 minutes. Remove foil and weights and bake until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Reduce oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Cook bacon in a skillet over medium heat until browned and cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from pan to drain. Blot out some of the oil from the skillet, leaving 1 to 2 teaspoons. Add leeks, onion, salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Cook and stir until tender and golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Set aside. Whisk eggs, egg yolks, cream, and milk together in a large bowl. Add thyme and stir to combine. Sprinkle 2/3 of onion-leek mixture on the bottom of the baked crust. Top with 1/3 cooked bacon and 2/3 Gruyere cheese. Ladle in egg mixture carefully. Sprinkle with remaining onion-leek mixture, remaining bacon, and remaining Gruyere cheese. Bake filled quiche in the preheated oven until browned and set, and no longer jiggly in the center, 40 to 45 minutes. Allow to cool slightly before serving.]
[Preheat oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Line baking sheet with foil brushed with vegetable oil or a silicone baking mat. Heat 1 teaspoon vegetable oil in a large saucepan. Add popcorn; cover and cook, shaking often, until fully popped, about 5 minutes. Transfer popcorn to a large bowl using a strainer or your hands, leaving unpopped kernels in the pan. Stir chopped peanuts into popcorn. Combine brown sugar, 1/4 cup vegetable oil, and corn syrup in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add lime juice and fish sauce. Bring to a boil and cook, stirring occasionally, until thick, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and quickly stir in sambal oelek, lime zest, and baking soda. Pour brown sugar mixture over popcorn, stirring to coat. Spread popcorn out on the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven, tossing every 10 to 15 minutes, until browned and sticky, about 45 minutes. Allow to cool and become crispy. Toss with cilantro before serving.]
[Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Melt the butter in a saucepan. Stir in flour to form a paste. Add water, white sugar and brown sugar, and bring to a boil. Reduce temperature and let simmer. Place the bottom crust in your pan. Fill with apples, mounded slightly. Cover with a lattice work crust.  Gently pour the sugar and butter liquid over the crust.  Pour slowly so that it does not run off. Bake 15 minutes in the preheated oven. Reduce the temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Continue baking for 35 to 45 minutes, until apples are soft.]
[Preheat oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C). In a large bowl, combine oil, garlic, basil, marjoram, dill weed, thyme, oregano, parsley, red pepper flakes, and salt. Stir in potatoes until evenly coated. Place potatoes in a single layer on a roasting pan or baking sheet. Roast for 20 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, turning occasionally to brown on all sides.]
[Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Grease four 7x3 inch loaf pans. In a small bowl, stir together 1/4 cup white sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon. Dust pans lightly with cinnamon and sugar mixture. In a large bowl, cream butter and 3 cups sugar. Mix in eggs, mashed bananas, sour cream, vanilla and cinnamon. Mix in salt, baking soda and flour. Stir in nuts.  Divide into prepared pans. Bake for 1 hour, until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.]
[Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat and add rice.  Cook, stirring constantly, until puffed and golden.  While rice is cooking, sprinkle with salt and cumin. Stir in onions and cook until tender.  Stir in tomato sauce and chicken broth; bring to a boil.  Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes.  Fluff with a fork.]
[In a large bowl, mix warm water, yeast, and 1/3 cup honey.  Add 5 cups white bread flour, and stir to combine.  Let set for 30 minutes, or until big and bubbly. Mix in 3 tablespoons melted butter, 1/3 cup honey, and salt.  Stir in 2 cups whole wheat flour.  Flour a flat surface and knead with whole wheat flour until not real sticky - just pulling away from the counter, but still sticky to touch.  This may take an additional 2 to 4 cups of whole wheat flour.  Place in a greased bowl, turning once to coat the surface of the dough.  Cover with a dishtowel.  Let rise in a warm place until doubled. Punch down, and divide into 3 loaves.  Place in greased 9 x 5 inch loaf pans, and allow to rise until dough has topped the pans by one inch. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 to 30 minutes; do not overbake.  Lightly brush the tops of loaves with 2 tablespoons melted butter or margarine when done to prevent crust from getting hard.  Cool completely]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large skillet over medium-high heat, cook ground beef until no longer pink. Stir in salsa, reduce heat, and simmer 20 minutes, or until liquid is absorbed. Stir in beans, and heat through. Spray a 9x13 baking dish with cooking spray. Spread crushed tortilla chips in dish, and then spoon beef mixture over chips. Spread sour cream over beef, and sprinkle olives, green onion, and tomato over the sour cream. Top with Cheddar cheese. Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes, or until hot and bubbly.]
[In a large pot of boiling salted water, cook spaghetti pasta until al dente. Drain well. Toss with 1 tablespoon of olive oil, and set aside. Meanwhile in a large skillet, cook chopped bacon until slightly crisp; remove and drain onto paper towels. Reserve 2 tablespoons of bacon fat; add remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, and heat in reused large skillet. Add chopped onion, and cook over medium heat until onion is translucent. Add minced garlic, and cook 1 minute more. Add wine if desired; cook one more minute. Return cooked bacon to pan; add cooked and drained spaghetti. Toss to coat and heat through, adding more olive oil if it seems dry or is sticking together. Add beaten eggs and cook, tossing constantly with tongs or large fork until eggs are barely set.  Quickly add 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese, and toss again.  Add salt and pepper to taste (remember that bacon and Parmesan are very salty). Serve immediately  with chopped parsley sprinkled on top, and extra Parmesan cheese at table.]
[In a saucepan, combine apples, water, sugar, and cinnamon. Cover, and cook over medium heat for 15 to 20 minutes, or until apples are soft. Allow to cool, then mash with a fork or potato masher.]
[Pour tomato sauce into a large stockpot and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Reduce heat to low to keep sauce warm while preparing meatballs. Preheat the oven's broiler and set the oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and brush lightly with oil. Whisk bread crumbs, milk, egg, Italian herb seasoning, olive oil, garlic powder, and red pepper flakes in a small bowl to form a thick slurry. Set aside. Combine beef and veal in a large bowl. Season with salt, black pepper, and white pepper; sprinkle with Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese. Pour in slurry and mix until combined. Use a small portion scooper to form meat mixture into about 48 meatballs. Place on the prepared baking sheet. Bake meatballs under the preheated broiler until browned, about 4 to 5 minutes. Turn meatballs and broil until browned on both sides and no longer pink in the center, 3 to 4 additional minutes. Transfer meatballs to the stockpot with the simmering tomato sauce. Increase heat to medium and cook for 5 to 10 minutes, or longer if desired.]
[In a saucepan, warm the broth over low heat. Warm 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Stir in the mushrooms, and cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Remove mushrooms and their liquid, and set aside. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil to skillet,  and stir in the shallots. Cook 1 minute. Add rice, stirring to coat with oil, about 2 minutes. When the rice has taken on a pale, golden color, pour in wine, stirring constantly until the wine is fully absorbed. Add 1/2 cup broth to the rice, and stir until the broth is absorbed. Continue adding broth 1/2 cup at a time, stirring continuously, until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is al dente, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from heat, and stir in mushrooms with their liquid, butter, chives, and parmesan. Season with salt and pepper to taste.]
[In a saucepan over low heat, melt the chocolate; add peanut butter and mix until smooth. Remove from heat, add cereal and stir until coated. Pour powdered sugar into large plastic bag, add coated cereal and shake until well coated. Store in airtight container.]
[Combine cranberries, cherries, sugar, tangerine juice, tangerine zest, star anise, cinnamon stick, and whole cloves in a heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to low and cook, stirring occasionally, until cranberries are all popped, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool to room temperature. Discard star anise, cinnamon stick, and whole cloves, and refrigerate until needed.]
[Melt butter in a stockpot over medium-high heat. Stir in bacon and cook until just beginning to crisp, 4 to 6 minutes. Add onions; cook and stir until onions are lightly browned and translucent, 6 to 8 minutes. Stir in chicken broth, red wine, apple slices, and apple cider vinegar; bring to a boil. Stir in sugar, cloves, bay leaves, nutmeg, cinnamon, salt, and black pepper. Stir in red cabbage; cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer until cabbage is soft and cooked through, 30 to 45 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking dish. In a large bowl, mix hash browns, ham, cream of potato soup, sour cream, and Cheddar cheese. Spread evenly into prepared dish. Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese. Bake 1 hour in the preheated oven, or until bubbly and lightly brown. Serve immediately.]
[Prepare cupcakes according to package directions.  Let cool completely. Cut licorice into 3 inch sections.   Working with one or two cupcakes at a time, so the frosting doesn't set before decorating, frost the cupcakes with the white frosting.  Insert licorice pieces into the outer edges of the cupcakes to make the legs of the spider, 3 legs on each side (4 takes up too much space).  Place two pieces of candy corn on the front of the cupcake for fangs and use two red hots as eyes.  Sprinkle with decorator sugar.  Repeat with remaining cupcakes.]
[Soak beans overnight in cold water. Simmer the beans in the same water until tender, approximately 1 to 2 hours. Drain and reserve the liquid. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Arrange the beans in a 2 quart bean pot or casserole dish by placing a portion of the beans in the bottom of dish, and layering them with bacon and onion. In a saucepan, combine molasses, salt, pepper, dry mustard, ketchup, Worcestershire sauce and brown sugar. Bring the mixture to a boil and pour over beans. Pour in just enough of the reserved bean water to cover the beans. Cover the dish with a lid or aluminum foil. Bake for 3 to 4 hours in the preheated oven, until beans are tender. Remove the lid about halfway through cooking, and add more liquid if necessary to prevent the beans from getting too dry.]
[Combine water with salt, ground black pepper, oregano, basil, onion salt, parsley, garlic powder, bay leaf, and salad dressing mix in a saucepan. Stir well, and bring to a boil.        Watch Now, Place roast in slow cooker, and pour salad dressing mixture over the meat.        Watch Now, Cover, and cook on Low for 10 to 12 hours, or on High for 4 to 5 hours. When done, remove bay leaf, and shred meat with a fork.        Watch Now]
[Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Place rack in the lowest position of the oven. Remove the turkey neck and giblets, rinse the turkey, and pat dry with paper towels. Place the turkey, breast side up, on a rack in the roasting pan. Loosely fill the body cavity with stuffing. Rub the skin with the softened butter, and season with salt and pepper. Position an aluminum foil tent over the turkey. Place turkey in the oven, and pour 2 cups turkey stock into the bottom of the roasting pan. Baste all over every 30 minutes with the juices on the bottom of the pan. Whenever the drippings evaporate, add stock to moisten them, about 1 to 2 cups at a time. Remove aluminum foil after 2 1/2 hours. Roast until a meat thermometer inserted in the meaty part of the thigh reads 165 degrees F (75 degrees C), about 4 hours. Transfer the turkey to a large serving platter, and let it stand for at least 20 to 30 minutes before carving.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large skillet, cook and stir ground beef until brown. Add mushrooms and onions; saute until onions are transparent. Stir in pasta sauce, and heat through. In a medium size bowl, combine cottage cheese, ricotta cheese, grated Parmesan cheese, and eggs. Spread a thin layer of the meat sauce in the bottom of a 13x9 inch pan. Layer with uncooked lasagna noodles, cheese mixture, mozzarella cheese, and meat sauce. Continue layering until all ingredients are used, reserving 1/2 cup mozzarella. Cover pan with aluminum foil. Bake in  preheated oven for 45 minutes. Uncover, and top with remaining half cup of mozzarella cheese. Bake for an additional 15 minutes. Remove from oven, and let stand 10 to 15 minutes before serving.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and lightly coat it with 1 teaspoon olive oil. Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in a nonstick pan over medium heat. Stir in sausage and red bell pepper. Cook, stirring to break up sausage into small pieces, until sausage is browned and bell pepper is soft and sweet, 7 to 8 minutes. Drain off any fat. Stir goat cheese and sausage mixture in a bowl until well combined. Set aside. Hollow out a 3/4-inch deep well in the center of each squash half. Place each piece on the prepared baking sheet, cut-side up. Season with salt and black pepper; fill each with 1 to 2 tablespoons cheese and sausage mixture. Top each squash with breadcrumbs and lightly drizzle with remaining 2 teaspoons olive oil. Bake in the preheated oven until filling is golden and squash is tender, about 30 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Combine saltine crackers and butter in a bowl; stir until all crumbs are saturated with butter.        Watch Now, Spread 1/3 of the saltines mixture on the bottom of a 9x13-inch casserole dish. Pour half of the oysters with their liquor over the saltines mixture. Season with cayenne pepper, salt, and black pepper. Repeat with next 1/3 of saltines and remaining oysters. Season with cayenne pepper, salt, black pepper, and Italian parsley.        Watch Now, Sprinkle remaining saltines mixture over the oysters. Drizzle cream slowly and evenly over the top.        Watch Now, Bake in the preheated oven until bubbling and browned, 40 to 45 minutes. Let rest 10 minutes before serving.        Watch Now]
[Stir butter, dill, lemon zest, cayenne pepper, salt, and black pepper in a bowl until combined. Set aside. Fill a large saucepan with 2 to 3 inches of water and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, pour in vinegar and a pinch of salt. Crack an egg into a bowl then gently slip the egg into the water. Repeat with remaining eggs. Poach eggs until whites are firm and yolks have thickened but are not hard, 4 to 6 minutes. Remove eggs from water with a slotted spoon, dab on a kitchen towel to remove excess water, then transfer to a warm plate. Generously spread each English muffin half with dill butter. Top with a layer of smoked salmon, then 1 poached egg. Season with cayenne pepper, salt, and black pepper to taste. Garnish with a dill sprig and serve.]
[Preheat oven to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C). Generously grease 4 ramekins with 1 tablespoon butter. Set aside. Place bread cubes in a single layer on a baking sheet and bake in the preheated oven until dry, about 20 minutes. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a skillet over medium heat. Stir in onion and salt; cook, stirring, until onions are light golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir chicken stock, cream, thyme, and black pepper into skillet; bring mixture to a boil and remove from heat. Stir bread cubes and chicken stock mixture in a large bowl until well combined. Stir in 1 ounce crumbled gorgonzola cheese. Divide mixture evenly between 4 prepared ramekins. Top each with a small crumble of gorgonzola. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes.]
[Crumble sausage into a medium skillet. Cook over medium heat until evenly brown; drain. In a medium bowl, mix together mustard powder, salt, eggs and milk. Add the sausage, bread cubes, and cheese, and stir to coat evenly.  Pour into a greased 9x13 inch baking dish. Cover, and chill in the refrigerator for 8 hours, or overnight. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Cover, and bake 45 to 60 minutes. Uncover, and reduce temperature to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Bake for an additional 30 minutes, or until set.]
[Frost each cupcake with a thin layer of vanilla frosting and refrigerate for 1 hour to make decorating easier.        Watch Now, Add 1 or 2 drops blue food coloring to the chocolate frosting to make it darker. Fill a piping bag fitted with a small round tip with the darkened chocolate frosting and draw the outline of a small pentagon shape on the top of each cupcake. Fill in the pentagons with chocolate frosting. Starting at the points of the pentagon shapes, draw lines halfway toward the edges of each cupcake. Draw a triangle at the bottom of each line, connecting one of the corners to the line, to indicate partial pentagon shapes around the edges of each cupcake. Fill in triangles with chocolate frosting.        Watch Now]
[Beat 2 tablespoons milk with egg yolk in a small bowl. Set aside. Combine 2 3/4 cups milk and coconut milk in a saucepan over medium heat. When mixture just begins to steam, reduce heat to low. Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Stir in rice and cook for 1 minute. Pour in 1/2 cup coconut milk mixture; stir constantly until liquid is completely absorbed and rice is creamy. Repeat this process until the milk mixture is completely incorporated and the rice has a tender, yet slightly firm consistency, 20 to 30 minutes. Stir sugar and salt into the rice mixture. Remove from heat. Slowly whisk in egg yolk mixture until completely incorporated and the mixture is custard color, about 1 minute. Whisk in vanilla. Cool pudding to room temperature, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until well-chilled, at least 3 hours. Garnish with mango and Chinese five-spice powder.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 9x13 inch baking pan. Sift flour and baking powder together and set aside. Cream butter or margarine and the 1 cup sugar together until fluffy. Add eggs and the 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract; beat well. Add the flour mixture to the butter mixture 2 tablespoons at a time; mix until well blended. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes. Pierce cake several times with a fork. Combine the whole milk, condensed milk, and evaporated milk together. Pour over the top of the cooled cake. Whip whipping cream, the remaining 1 cup of the sugar, and the remaining 1 teaspoon vanilla together until thick. Spread over the top of cake. Be sure and keep cake refrigerated, enjoy!]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).        Watch Now, In a medium skillet, melt butter over medium heat. Saute garlic and onion in butter until lightly browned, about 7 minutes. Stir in spinach, mushrooms, feta and 1/2  cup Cheddar cheese. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon mixture into pie crust.        Watch Now, In a medium bowl, whisk together eggs and milk. Season with salt and pepper. Pour into the pastry shell, allowing egg mixture to thoroughly combine with spinach mixture.        Watch Now, Bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes. Sprinkle top with remaining Cheddar cheese, and bake an additional 35 to 40 minutes, until set in center. Allow to stand 10 minutes before serving.        Watch Now]
[Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). In a large bowl, combine cream cheese, sugar and vanilla. Beat until smooth. Blend in eggs one at a time. Remove 1 cup of batter and spread into bottom of crust; set aside. Add pumpkin, cinnamon, cloves and nutmeg to the remaining batter and stir gently until well blended. Carefully spread over the batter in the crust. Bake in preheated oven for 35 to 40 minutes, or until center is almost set. Allow to cool, then refrigerate for 3 hours or overnight. Cover with whipped topping before serving.]
[In a large skillet, brown ground beef.  Set aside to drain and cool to room temperature. Spread the beans into the bottom of a 9x13 inch serving tray that is about 1 1/2 inches deep.  Sprinkle 2 cups of shredded cheese on top of beans.  Sprinkle beef on top of cheese. Spread sour cream very slowly on top of beef.  Spread guacamole on top of sour cream.  Pour salsa over guacamole and spread evenly.  Sprinkle remaining shredded cheese.  Sprinkle black olives, tomatoes, and green onions on top. You can serve this dish immediately, or refrigerate it over night and serve cold.  I think it tastes better at room temperature.]
[Trim excess fat from the rump roast, and place in a slow cooker. Add the beef broth, onion soup and beer. Cook on Low setting for 7 hours. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Split French rolls, and spread with butter. Bake 10 minutes, or until heated through. Slice the meat on the diagonal, and place on the rolls. Serve the sauce for dipping.]
[In a food processor place Italian tomatoes, tomato paste, chopped parsley, minced garlic, oregano, salt, and pepper. Blend until smooth. In a large skillet over medium heat saute the finely chopped onion in olive oil for 2 minutes. Add the blended tomato sauce and white wine. Simmer for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.]
[In a small bowl, mix the maple syrup, soy sauce, garlic, garlic salt, and pepper. Place salmon in a shallow glass baking dish, and coat with the maple syrup mixture. Cover the dish, and marinate salmon in the refrigerator 30 minutes, turning once. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place the baking dish in the preheated oven, and bake salmon uncovered 20 minutes, or until easily flaked with a fork.]
[Combine the coleslaw mix and onion in a large bowl. Whisk together the salad dressing, vegetable oil, sugar, vinegar, salt, and poppy seeds in a medium bowl; blend thoroughly. Pour dressing mixture over coleslaw mix and toss to coat. Chill at least 2 hours before serving.]
[In a medium bowl, cream together butter, white sugar, and brown sugar. Beat in eggs one at a time, then stir in vanilla. Combine flour, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon; stir into the creamed mixture. Mix in oats. Cover, and chill dough for at least one hour. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease cookie sheets. Roll the dough into walnut sized balls, and place 2 inches apart on cookie sheets. Flatten each cookie with a large fork dipped in sugar. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in preheated oven. Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for 5 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely.]
[Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C). In a shallow bowl combine crushed crackers, garlic salt and pepper; mix well.  In a separate bowl beat eggs. Dip your pork chops in the egg batter and then in the cracker mixture.  Place the pork chops in a casserole dish.  Place chunks of the butter around the pork chops.  Cover and bake for 45 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).        Watch Now, To Make Lemon Filling: In a medium saucepan, whisk together 1 cup sugar, flour, cornstarch, and salt. Stir in water, lemon juice and lemon zest. Cook over medium-high heat, stirring frequently, until mixture comes to a boil. Stir in butter. Place egg yolks in a small bowl and gradually whisk in 1/2 cup of hot sugar mixture. Whisk egg yolk mixture back into remaining sugar mixture. Bring to a boil and continue to cook while stirring constantly until thick. Remove from heat. Pour filling into baked pastry shell.        Watch Now, To Make Meringue: In a large glass or metal bowl, whip egg whites until foamy. Add sugar gradually, and continue to whip until stiff peaks form. Spread meringue over pie, sealing the edges at the crust.        Watch Now, Bake in preheated oven for 10 minutes, or until meringue is golden brown.        Watch Now]
[In a large bowl, mix together 1/3 cup condensed French onion soup with ground beef, bread crumbs, egg, salt and black pepper. Shape into 6 oval patties. In a large skillet over medium-high heat, brown both sides of patties. Pour off excess fat. In a small bowl, blend flour and remaining soup until smooth. Mix in ketchup, water, Worcestershire sauce and mustard powder. Pour over meat in skillet. Cover, and cook for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.]
[Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 2-quart baking dish. In a large pot of salted water, lightly boil the macaroni for about 5 minutes until half-cooked. Whisk the egg and milk together in a large cup. Add butter and cheese to the egg and milk.  Stir well. Place the lightly cooked macaroni in the prepared baking dish.  Pour the egg and cheese liquid over the macaroni, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and stir well.  Press the mixture evenly around the baking dish. Bake uncovered, for 30 to 40 minutes, or until the top is brown.]
[Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add ziti and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain and rinse.        Watch Now, In a medium bowl, mix ziti, ricotta cheese, mozzarella cheese, egg and 1 1/2 cups spaghetti sauce.        Watch Now, Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).        Watch Now, Lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking dish and spoon in ziti mixture. Top with remaining spaghetti sauce, followed by Parmesan cheese.        Watch Now, Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes; let stand for 15 minutes before serving.        Watch Now]
[In a medium bowl, mix together cookie crumbs, 3 tablespoons sugar, and melted butter. Press mixture into the bottom of a 9 inch springform pan. In a saucepan, combine raspberries, 2 tablespoons sugar, cornstarch, and water. Bring to boil, and continue boiling 5 minutes, or until sauce is thick. Strain sauce through a mesh strainer to remove seeds. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). In a metal bowl over a pan of simmering water, melt white chocolate chips with half-and-half, stirring occasionally until smooth. In a large bowl, mix together cream cheese and 1/2 cup sugar until smooth. Beat in eggs one at a time. Blend in vanilla and melted white chocolate. Pour half of batter over crust. Spoon 3 tablespoons raspberry sauce over batter. Pour remaining cheesecake batter into pan, and again spoon 3 tablespoons raspberry sauce over the top. Swirl batter with the tip of a knife to create a marbled effect. Bake for 55 to 60 minutes, or until filling is set. Cool, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 8 hours before removing from pan. Serve with remaining raspberry sauce.]
[Preheat grill for high heat. Lightly coat the asparagus spears with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill over high heat for 2 to 3 minutes, or to desired tenderness.]
[Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Score ham, and stud with the whole cloves. Place ham in foil lined pan. In the top half of a double boiler, heat the corn syrup, honey and butter. Keep glaze warm while baking ham. Brush glaze over ham, and bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes in the preheated oven. Baste ham every 10 to 15 minutes with the honey glaze. During the last 4 to 5 minutes of baking, turn on broiler to caramelize the glaze. Remove from oven, and let sit a few minutes before serving.]
[In a medium sized saucepan over medium heat, dissolve the sugar in the orange juice. Stir in the cranberries and cook until the cranberries start to pop (about 10 minutes). Remove from heat and place sauce in a bowl. Cranberry sauce will thicken as it cools.]
[Rub the turkey inside and out with the kosher salt. Place the bird in a large stock pot, and cover with cold water. Place in the refrigerator, and allow the turkey to soak in the salt and water mixture 12 hours, or overnight. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Thoroughly rinse the turkey, and discard the brine mixture. Brush the turkey with 1/2 the melted butter. Place breast side down on a roasting rack in a shallow roasting pan. Stuff the turkey cavity with 1 onion, 1/2 the carrots, 1/2 the celery, 1 sprig of thyme, and the bay leaf. Scatter the remaining vegetables and thyme around the bottom of the roasting pan, and cover with the white wine. Roast uncovered 3 1/2 to 4 hours in the preheated oven, until the internal temperature of the thigh reaches 180 degrees F (85 degrees C). Carefully turn the turkey breast side up about 2/3 through the roasting time, and brush with the remaining butter. Allow the bird to stand about 30 minutes before carving.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Season ribs with salt and pepper. Place in a shallow baking pan. Brown in oven 15 minutes. Turn over, and brown another 15 minutes; drain fat. In a medium bowl, mix together the ketchup, chili sauce, brown sugar, vinegar, oregano, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, and salt and pepper. Place ribs in slow cooker. Pour sauce over ribs, and turn to coat. Cover, and cook on Low 6 to 8 hours, or until ribs are tender.]
[In a medium bowl, mix the cream cheese, Cheddar cheese and bacon bits. Spoon this mixture into the jalapeno pepper halves. Put the milk and flour into two separate small bowls. Dip the stuffed jalapenos first into the milk then into the flour, making sure they are well coated with each. Allow the coated jalapenos to dry for about 10 minutes. Dip the jalapenos in milk again and roll them through the breadcrumbs. Allow them to dry, then repeat to ensure  the entire surface of the jalapeno is coated. In a medium skillet, heat the oil to 365 degrees F ( 180 degrees C). Deep fry the coated jalapenos 2 to 3 minutes each, until golden brown. Remove and let drain on a paper towel.]
[Combine milk with vinegar in a medium bowl and set aside for 5 minutes to "sour". Combine flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large mixing bowl. Whisk egg and butter into "soured" milk. Pour the flour mixture into the wet ingredients and whisk until lumps are gone. Heat a large skillet over medium heat, and coat with cooking spray. Pour 1/4 cupfuls of batter onto the skillet, and cook until bubbles appear on the surface. Flip with a spatula, and cook until browned on the other side.]
[Preheat the oven on broiler setting. In a large bowl, combine the roma tomatoes, sun-dried tomatoes, garlic, olive oil, vinegar, basil, salt, and pepper. Allow the mixture to sit for 10 minutes. Cut the baguette into 3/4-inch slices. On a baking sheet, arrange the baguette slices in a single layer. Broil for 1 to 2 minutes, until slightly brown. Divide the tomato mixture evenly over the baguette slices. Top the slices with mozzarella cheese. Broil for 5 minutes, or until the cheese is melted.]
[Preheat waffle iron. Beat eggs in large bowl with hand beater until fluffy.  Beat in flour, milk, vegetable oil, sugar, baking powder, salt and vanilla,  just until smooth. Spray preheated waffle iron with non-stick cooking spray. Pour mix onto hot waffle iron. Cook until golden brown. Serve hot.]
[In a large bowl, stir together the garlic, olive oil, tomato sauce, and red wine vinegar. Season with basil, salt, and cayenne pepper. Add shrimp to the bowl, and stir until evenly coated. Cover, and refrigerate for 30 minutes to 1 hour, stirring once or twice. Preheat grill for medium heat. Thread shrimp onto skewers, piercing once near the tail and once near the head. Discard marinade. Lightly oil grill grate. Cook shrimp on preheated grill for 2 to 3 minutes per side, or until opaque.]
[Melt the butter in a large pot, and cook the onion, celery, carrot, potatoes, and squash 5 minutes, or until lightly browned. Pour in enough of the chicken stock to cover vegetables. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover pot, and simmer 40 minutes, or until all vegetables are tender. Transfer the soup to a blender, and blend until smooth. Return to pot, and mix in any remaining stock to attain desired consistency. Season with salt and pepper.]
[In a large bowl, mix ground turkey, seasoned bread crumbs, onion, egg whites, parsley, garlic, salt, and pepper. Form into 12 patties. Cook the patties in a medium skillet over medium heat, turning once, to an internal temperature of 180 degrees F (85 degrees C).]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F(175 degrees C). Butter the bottoms and sides of a 9x13 inch pan. Chop nuts and toss with cinnamon. Set aside. Unroll phyllo dough.  Cut whole stack in half to fit pan.  Cover phyllo with a dampened cloth to keep from drying out as you work. Place two sheets of dough in pan, butter thoroughly.  Repeat until you have 8 sheets layered. Sprinkle 2 - 3 tablespoons of nut mixture on top. Top with two sheets of dough, butter, nuts, layering as you go. The top layer should be about 6 - 8 sheets deep. Using a sharp knife cut into diamond or square shapes all the way to the bottom of the pan. You may cut into 4 long rows the make diagonal cuts. Bake for about 50 minutes until baklava is golden and crisp. Make sauce while baklava is baking.  Boil sugar and water until sugar is melted.  Add vanilla and honey.  Simmer for about 20 minutes. Remove baklava from oven and immediately spoon sauce over it.  Let cool.  Serve in cupcake papers.  This freezes well. Leave it uncovered as it  gets soggy if it is wrapped up.]
[Preheat oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C). In a large bowl, combine the squash, red bell peppers, sweet potato, and Yukon Gold potatoes. Separate the red onion quarters into pieces, and add them to the mixture. In a small bowl, stir together thyme, rosemary, olive oil, vinegar, salt, and pepper. Toss with vegetables until they are coated. Spread evenly on a large roasting pan. Roast for 35 to 40 minutes in the preheated oven, stirring every 10 minutes, or until vegetables are cooked through and browned.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly butter an 8x8 inch baking pan. Line bottom of pan with bread cubes. In a large bowl, beat together eggs, milk, 2 tablespoons sugar, salt and vanilla. pour egg mixture over bread. Dot with margarine; let stand for 10 minutes. Combine remaining 2 tablespoons sugar with 1 teaspoon cinnamon and sprinkle over the top.  Bake in preheated oven about 45 to 50 minutes, until top is golden.]
[To make beer batter:  In a large bowl, combine flour, cornstarch, baking powder, and salt. Blend egg and beer, then quickly stir into the flour mixture (don't worry about a few lumps). To make white sauce:  In a medium bowl, mix together yogurt and mayonnaise. Gradually stir in fresh lime juice until consistency is slightly runny. Season with jalapeno, capers, oregano, cumin, dill, and cayenne. Heat oil in deep-fryer to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Dust fish pieces lightly with flour. Dip into beer batter, and fry until crisp and golden brown. Drain on paper towels. Lightly fry tortillas; not too crisp. To serve, place fried fish in a tortilla, and top with shredded cabbage, and white sauce.]
[Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat. In a small saucepan, melt butter over medium-low heat with garlic powder and minced garlic. Set aside. Sprinkle both sides of each steak with salt and pepper. Grill steaks 4 to 5 minutes per side, or to desired doneness. When done, transfer to warmed plates. Brush tops liberally with garlic butter, and allow to rest for 2 to 3 minutes before serving.]
[Preheat your oven's broiler. Grease a broiling pan or line pan with aluminum foil. In a small bowl, mix together the Parmesan cheese, butter, mayonnaise and lemon juice. Season with dried basil, pepper, onion powder and celery salt. Mix well and set aside. Arrange fillets in a single layer on the prepared pan. Broil a few inches from the heat for 2 to 3 minutes. Flip the fillets over and broil for a couple more minutes. Remove the fillets from the oven and cover them with the Parmesan cheese mixture on the top side. Broil for 2 more minutes or until the topping is browned and fish flakes easily with a fork. Be careful not to over cook the fish.]
[Cut the tenderloin in half and set the thinner end to the side. Cut the thicker end in half lengthwise. You should have 3 mostly equal pieces. Combine onion, thyme, vinegar, garlic, habanero peppers, ginger, soy sauce, vegetable oil, brown sugar, allspice, black pepper, cayenne pepper, nutmeg, and cinnamon in a blender. Puree until smooth, stopping to scrape down sides. Pour Jerk marinade into a resealable plastic bag. Add pork tenderloin pieces, coat with the marinade, squeeze out excess air, and seal the bag. Marinate in the refrigerator for 4 to 6 hours. Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat, and lightly oil the grate. Grill pork, moving if necessary to avoid overcooking the thin parts of the meat, until dark grill marks appear and they lift easily from the grill, 6 to 7 minutes each side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read  145 degrees F (63 degrees C).]
[Bring water to a boil in a small saucepan. Add walnuts and cook until they have softened slightly, about 5 minutes. Drain and set aside. Combine garlic and 1 pinch sea salt in the bowl of a mortar and pestle. Grind to create a thick paste. Add walnuts, marjoram, thyme, and oregano. Grind until combined and slightly creamy, but still coarse. Transfer the walnut mixture to a large bowl. Slowly whisk in olive oil to form a thick emulsion. Add heavy cream and Pecorino Romano cheese, whisk until combined. Season with black pepper and sea salt to taste. Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil. Stir in the fettuccine, return to a boil, and cook pasta over medium heat until cooked through but still firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain. Toss walnut sauce with pasta. Garnish with fresh chives.]
[Heat the oil in a deep-fryer to 365 degrees F (185 degrees C). Separate the onion slices into rings, and set aside. In a small bowl, stir together the flour, baking powder and salt. Dip the onion slices into the flour mixture until they are all coated; set aside. Whisk the egg and milk into the flour mixture using a fork. Dip the floured rings into the batter to coat, then place on a wire rack to drain until the batter stops dripping. The wire rack may be placed over a sheet of aluminum foil for easier clean up. Spread the bread crumbs out on a plate or shallow dish. Place rings one at a time into the crumbs, and scoop the crumbs up over the ring to coat. Give it a hard tap as you remove it from the crumbs. The coating should cling very well. Repeat with remaining rings. Deep fry the rings a few at a time for 2 to 3 minutes, or until golden brown. Remove to paper towels to drain. Season with seasoning salt, and serve.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). In large bowl, cream together butter, white sugar, and brown sugar until smooth. Beat in the eggs and vanilla until fluffy. Stir together flour, baking soda, cinnamon, and salt. Gradually beat into butter mixture. Stir in oats and raisins. Drop by teaspoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheets. Bake 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven, or until golden brown. Cool slightly, remove from sheet to wire rack. Cool completely.]
[Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Put sweet potatoes in a medium saucepan  with water to cover. Cook over medium high heat until tender; drain and mash. In a large bowl, mix together the sweet potatoes, white sugar, eggs, salt, butter, milk and vanilla extract. Mix until smooth. Transfer to a 9x13 inch baking dish. In medium bowl, mix the brown sugar and flour. Cut in the butter until the mixture is coarse. Stir in the pecans. Sprinkle the mixture over the sweet potato mixture. Bake in the preheated oven 30 minutes, or until the topping is lightly brown.]
[Bring a pot of water to a boil.  Have ready a large bowl of iced water.  Plunge whole tomatoes in boiling water until skin starts to peel, 1 minute.  Remove with slotted spoon and place in ice bath.  Let rest until cool enough to handle, then remove peel and squeeze out seeds.  Chop 8 tomatoes and puree in blender or food processor.  Chop remaining two tomatoes and set aside. In a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat, cook onion, bell pepper, carrot and garlic in oil and butter until onion starts to soften, 5 minutes.  Pour in pureed tomatoes.  Stir in chopped tomato, basil, Italian seasoning and wine.  Place bay leaf and whole celery stalks in pot.  Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low, cover and simmer 2 hours.  Stir in tomato paste and simmer an additional 2 hours.  Discard bay leaf and celery and serve.]
[Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Heat a heavy Dutch oven on top of the stove over medium high heat.  Add oil, and sear meat in the center of the pan for 4 minutes. Turn meat over with tongs; sear all sides for 3 to 4 minutes on each side.  Remove meat from pan.  Arrange onion, garlic, and 1 bay leaf in the bottom of the pan, and sprinkle with salt and pepper.  Return meat to pan, place remaining bay leaf on top of meat, and cover. Cook in the oven for 30 minutes at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).  Reduce the heat to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C), and cook for 1 1/2 hours.  Remove roast to a platter to rest for 10 to 15 minutes. Slice, and top with onions and gravy.]
[In a medium saucepan, bring water to a boil. Add rice and stir. Reduce heat, cover and simmer for 20 minutes. Bring a large, wide saucepan of lightly salted water to a boil. Add cabbage leaves and cook for 2 to 4 minutes or until softened; drain. In a medium mixing bowl, combine the ground beef, 1 cup cooked rice, onion, egg, salt and pepper, along with 2 tablespoons of tomato soup. Mix thoroughly. Divide the beef mixture evenly among the cabbage leaves. Roll and secure them with toothpicks or string. In a large skillet over medium heat, place the cabbage rolls and pour the remaining tomato soup over the top. Cover and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer for about 40 minutes, stirring and basting with the liquid often.]
[Heat oil in a saucepan over medium heat; cook and stir onion and garlic until lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Mix quinoa into onion mixture and cover with vegetable broth; season with cumin, cayenne pepper, salt, and pepper. Bring the mixture to a boil. Cover, reduce heat, and simmer until quinoa is tender and broth is absorbed, about 20 minutes. Stir frozen corn into the saucepan, and continue to simmer until heated through, about 5 minutes; mix in the black beans and cilantro.]
[In a large bowl, combine flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In a separate bowl, beat together buttermilk, milk, eggs and melted butter. Keep the two mixtures separate until you are ready to cook. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. You can flick water across the surface and if it beads up and sizzles, it's ready! Pour the wet mixture into the dry mixture, using a wooden spoon or fork to blend.  Stir until it's just blended together.  Do not over stir! Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/2 cup for each pancake. Brown on both sides and serve hot.]
[In a medium bowl, combine grated carrots and brown sugar. Set aside for 60 minutes, then stir in raisins. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 10 inch cake pans. In a large bowl, beat eggs until light. Gradually beat in the white sugar, oil and vanilla. Stir in the pineapple. Combine the flour, baking soda, salt and cinnamon, stir into the wet mixture until absorbed. Finally stir in the carrot mixture and the walnuts. Pour evenly into the prepared pans. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes in the preheated oven, until cake tests done with a toothpick. Cool for 10 minutes before removing from pan. When completely cooled, frost with cream cheese frosting.]
[In a small bowl, mix together mayonnaise, sweet pickle relish, and minced onion. Stir in lemon juice.  Season to taste with salt and pepper. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving.]
[Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Stir in the onion, and season with bay leaves, cumin, oregano, and salt. Cook and stir until onion is tender, then mix in the celery, green bell peppers, jalapeno peppers, garlic, and green chile peppers. When vegetables are heated through, mix in the vegetarian burger crumbles. Reduce heat to low, cover pot, and simmer 5 minutes. Mix the tomatoes into the pot. Season chili with chili powder and pepper. Stir in the kidney beans, garbanzo beans, and black beans. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer 45 minutes. Stir in the corn, and continue cooking 5 minutes before serving.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Spoon marinara sauce into the bottom of a small baking dish, about 1/4 inch high. Sprinkle with red pepper flakes,  salt, black pepper, and parsley. Make a narrow well in the center of the sauce for the eggs. Crack each egg into a ramekin, then pour into the baking dish over the marinara sauce. Sprinkle with Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, olive oil, and cream. Season with salt and black pepper to taste. Bake in the preheated oven until yolks are just set, 10 to 12 minutes. Serve with toast.]
[Build a campfire or prepare a charcoal grill and allow the fire to burn until it has accumulated a bed of coals. Nestle onions into the hot goals and pile coals up on the sides and on top. Roast until blackened and tender, about 15 minutes. Turn onions, rebury them, and cook until the onions begin to leak juice, another 10 to 15 minutes. A bamboo skewer inserted into the center should easily slide in. Place onions in a bowl, cover and allow to cool. Place red pepper on the coals; cook, turning often, until charred, about 10 minutes. Peel the blackened skin off the onions and scrape the charred black bits off the red pepper. Finely chop onions and red pepper. Combine in a bowl with parsley, and season with salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper to taste. Toss sherry vinegar and olive oil in with relish, cover and refrigerate for 1 hour.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place rolled-out pie crust in a 9-inch pie plate and set on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat. Combine rhubarb and strawberries in a bowl; transfer to the pie crust, distributing evenly. Whisk eggs, sugar, milk, flour, and nutmeg together in a medium bowl. Slowly pour filling over rhubarb mixture until it just reaches the top edge of the crust. Scatter diced butter evenly over the top of the filling. Lightly tap and shake the baking sheet to remove any air bubbles. Transfer pie to the preheated oven and bake, turning halfway through, until rhubarb is tender and custard is set, about 1 hour. Mix strawberry jam and water in a small bowl; heat in the microwave until warm, about 15 seconds. Glaze the top of the pie with the jam mixture and let cool. Refrigerate until ready to serve.]
[Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat.  Stir in brown sugar and milk.  Bring to a boil and boil for 2 minutes, stirring frequently.  Remove from heat.  Stir in peanut butter and vanilla.  Pour over confectioners' sugar in a large mixing bowl.  Beat until smooth; pour into an 8x8 inch dish.  Chill until firm and cut into squares.]
[Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).        Watch Now, In a medium bowl, cream together 3/4 cup butter, white sugar, and brown sugar until smooth. Beat in egg and vanilla. Combine flour and salt; stir into the creamed mixture by hand to form a soft dough. Roll dough into 1 inch balls, and place balls 2 inches apart on ungreased cookie sheets. Make an indention in the center of each cookie using your finger or thumb.        Watch Now, Bake for 12 minutes in preheated oven. Cool completely.        Watch Now, In a small bowl, mix together 1/4 cup butter, confectioners' sugar, and rum. Spoon rounded teaspoonfuls of filling onto cookies. Sprinkle with nutmeg.  Let stand until set before storing in an airtight container.        Watch Now]
[Layer the ingredients in a 1 quart or 1 liter jar, in the order listed. Attach a tag with the following instructions:  Cranberry Hootycreeks 1.  Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a cookie sheet or line with parchment paper.  2.  In a medium bowl, beat together 1/2 cup softened butter, 1 egg and 1 teaspoon of vanilla until fluffy. Add the entire jar of ingredients, and mix together by hand until well blended. Drop by heaping spoonfuls onto the prepared baking sheets.  3.  Bake for 8 to 10 minutes, or until edges start to brown. Cool on baking sheets, or remove to cool on wire racks.]
[Combine eggs, sugar and salt; beat well.  Add remaining ingredients and beat until smooth. Heat a rosette iron in deep, hot oil (375 degrees) for 2 minutes. Drain excess oil from iron.  Dip in batter to 1/4 inch from the top of the iron, then dip iron immediately into hot oil (375 degrees). Fry rosette until golden, about 30 seconds. Lift out; tip upside down to drain.  With fork, push rosette off iron onto a rack placed over paper towels. Reheat iron 1 minute; make next rosette. Sprinkle rosettes with confectioners' sugar.]
[Melt butter in a large saucepan over low heat. Add marshmallows, and cook until melted, stirring constantly. Remove from heat, and stir in the food coloring, vanilla, and cornflakes. Quickly drop heaping tablespoonfuls of  the mixture onto waxed paper, and form into a wreath shape with lightly greased fingers. Immediately decorate with red hot candies. Allow to cool to room temperature before removing from waxed paper, and storing in an airtight container.]
[In a saucepan over medium heat, cook the sugar, butter and water, stirring occasionally until melted.  Remove from heat, stir in the chocolate chips until melted and set aside to cool for 10 minutes. Pour the chocolate mixture into a large bowl, and beat in the eggs, one at a time. Combine the flour, baking soda and salt, stir into the chocolate mixture. Cover and refrigerate dough for at least 1 hour. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease cookie sheets.  Roll cookie dough into walnut sized balls and place 2 inches apart onto the prepared cookie sheets. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven, be careful not to overbake. When cookies come out of the oven, Press one mint wafer into the top of each cookie and let sit for 1 minute. When the mint is softened, swirl with the back of a spoon or toothpick to make a pattern with the green filling of the mint wafer. For smaller cookies, break mints in half.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Line cookie sheet with saltine crackers in single layer. In a saucepan combine the sugar and the butter. Bring to a boil and boil for 3 minutes. Immediately pour over saltines and spread t cover crackers completely. Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from oven and sprinkle chocolate chips over the top.  Let sit for 5 minutes. Spread melted chocolate and top with chopped nuts. Cool completely and break into pieces.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).  Grease cookie sheets. In a large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar until smooth. Mix in the egg and vanilla. Combine the flour and baking powder; stir into the creamed mixture until blended. Divide dough into walnut sized portions. Roll each piece into a rope and then shape into a loop. Place cookies 2 inches apart on the prepared cookie sheets. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven, until firm and golden at the edges.]
[Place strawberries into a heavy saucepan, add water, and bring to a boil. Stir, reduce heat to low, and simmer until strawberries soften, about 15 minutes. Strain juice into a separate saucepan, using a fine mesh strainer; discard strawberry pulp. Stir in sugar until dissolves. Bring strawberry juice back to a boil a second time. Reduce heat to medium and simmer for 5 minutes. Skim any foam from the top of the syrup. Turn off heat and let cool to room temperature. Pour syrup into a lidded container and refrigerate.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Sift together the flour, salt, and cinnamon; set aside. In a medium bowl, cream together butter and cream cheese. Add sugar and egg yolk; beat until light and fluffy. Stir in the vanilla and orange zest. Gradually blend in the dry ingredients. Fill a cookie press or pastry bag with dough, and form cookies on an ungreased cookie sheet. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes in the preheated oven, or until the cookies are golden brown on the peaks and on the bottoms. Remove from cookie sheets at once to cool on wire racks.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). In a large mixing bowl, combine flour, butter, nuts, 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar, salt, and vanilla. Hand mix until thoroughly blended. Shape dough into a ball. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour. Meanwhile, place sugar in a bowl or small container. With sharp chef's knife, split vanilla bean lengthwise. Scrape out seeds, and mix them into the sugar. Cut pod into 2 inch pieces and mix into sugar. Remove dough from refrigerator and form into 1 inch balls. Roll each ball into a small roll, 3 inches long. Place rolls 2 inches apart on ungreased cookie sheet, and bend each one to make a crescent shape. Bake 10 to 12 minutes in the preheated oven, or until set but not brown. Let stand 1 minute, then remove from cookie sheets. Place hot cookies on a large sheet of aluminum foil. Sprinkle with prepared sugar mixture. Turn gently to coat on both sides. Cool completely and store in an airtight container at room temperature. Just before serving, coat with more vanilla flavored sugar.]
[Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). In a large bowl, mix together oil and sugar until well blended. Mix in the vanilla and almond extracts, then beat in the eggs. Combine flour, salt, and baking powder; gradually stir into egg mixture. Mix in cranberries and nuts by hand. Divide dough in half. Form two logs (12x2 inches) on a cookie sheet that has been lined with parchment paper. Dough may be sticky; wet hands with cool water to handle dough more easily. Bake for 35 minutes in the preheated oven, or until logs are light brown. Remove from oven, and set aside to cool for 10 minutes. Reduce oven heat to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C). Cut logs on diagonal into 3/4 inch thick slices. Lay on sides on parchment covered cookie sheet. Bake approximately 8 to 10 minutes, or until dry; cool.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a medium bowl, cream together butter and white sugar until smooth. Mix in 1/2 teaspoon almond extract.  Mix in flour until dough comes together. Roll dough into 1 1/2 inch balls, and place on ungreased cookie sheets. Make a small hole in the center of each ball, using your thumb and finger, and fill the hole with preserves. Bake for 14 to 18 minutes in preheated oven, or until lightly browned. Let cool 1 minute on the cookie sheet. In a medium bowl, mix together the confectioners' sugar, 3/4 teaspoon almond extract, and milk until smooth. Drizzle lightly over warm cookies.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a baking sheet. Place spaghetti squash with cut sides down on the prepared baking sheet, and bake 30 minutes in the preheated oven, or until a sharp knife can be inserted with only a little resistance. Remove squash from oven and set aside to cool enough to be easily handled. Meanwhile, heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir onion in oil until tender. Add garlic; cook and stir until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in tomatoes and cook until tomatoes are warmed through. Use a large spoon to scoop the stringy pulp from the squash and place in a medium bowl. Toss with the vegetables, feta cheese, olives, and basil. Serve warm.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 5x9 inch loaf pan. Press the brown sugar in the bottom of the prepared loaf pan and spread the ketchup over the sugar. In a mixing bowl, mix thoroughly all remaining ingredients and shape into a loaf. Place on top of the ketchup. Bake in preheated oven for 1 hour or until juices are clear.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Crush garlic with rosemary, salt and pepper, making a paste. Pierce meat with a sharp knife in several places and press the garlic paste into the openings. Rub the meat with the remaining garlic mixture and olive oil. Place pork loin into oven, turning and basting with pan liquids. Cook until the pork is no longer pink in the center, about 1 hour. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Remove roast to a platter. Heat the wine in the pan and stir to loosen browned bits of food on the bottom.  Serve with pan juices.]
[Arrange onion slices evenly over the bottom of the slow cooker, and then place the roast on top of the onion.  In a bowl, mix together water, sugar, vinegar, soy sauce, ketchup, black pepper, salt, garlic powder, and hot sauce; pour over roast. Cover, and cook on Low for 6 to 8 hours, or on High for 3 to 4 hours.]
[Place the beef in a skillet over medium heat, and cook until evenly brown. Drain grease. Place the beef in a slow cooker, and mix in onion, celery, green bell pepper, garlic, tomato puree, kidney beans, and cannellini beans. Season with chili powder, parsley, salt, basil, oregano, black pepper, and hot pepper sauce. Cover, and cook 8 hours on Low.]
[Fill a Collins glass with 1 cup ice and set aside in the freezer. Combine gin, cherry-flavored brandy, triple sec, Benedictine, pineapple juice, lime juice, and grenadine in a cocktail shaker. Add 1 cup ice, cover and shake until chilled. Strain into the prepared Collins glass. Garnish with slice of pineapple and a cherry.]
[Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C). Season the roast with salt and pepper and place in a roasting pan or baking dish. Do not cover or add water. Place the roast in the preheated oven. Reduce the temperature to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C). Roast for 21 minutes (seven minutes per pound) then turn off the oven and let the roast sit in the hot oven for 2 1/2 hours. Do not open the door at all during this time! Remove the roast from the oven, the internal temperature should have reached at least 145 degrees F (65 degrees C). Carve into thin slices to serve.]
[Beat together cream cheese and confectioners' sugar. Mix in peanut butter and milk. Beat until smooth. Fold in whipped topping. Spoon into two 9 inch graham cracker pie shells; cover, and freeze until firm.]
[Combine 1/2 cup chopped fresh rosemary, garlic, 1/3 cup olive oil, 1/4 cup lemon juice, black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a blender or food processor. Blend until smooth and set marinade aside. Pierce the steak with a fork 20 to 30 times. Place in a shallow baking dish. Pour marinade over steak and flip to coat both sides. Cover and refrigerate for 4 to 8 hours. Combine 1/3 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, lemon zest, 1 teaspoon minced rosemary, 1/8 teaspoon red pepper flakes, and a pinch of salt in a jar. Cover and shake the dressing to combine. Shake again before using. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate. Remove steak from marinade; scrape off any chunks of marinade. Discard used marinade. Season steak with salt and black pepper. Place steak on the preheated grill and cook until browned on the outside and red on the inside, about 6 to 8 minutes per side. Place 2 tablespoons of the olive oil-lemon juice dressing in a small bowl. Use rosemary sprig to baste the steak while it cooks. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of a steak should read 125 degrees F (52 degrees C) for rare. Remove steak to a platter and allow to rest about 6 minutes before slicing. Cut in half lengthwise, then into 1/4-inch-thick slices at an angle against the grain. Drizzle with additional dressing.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Break bread into small pieces into an 8 inch square baking pan. Drizzle melted butter or margarine over bread. If desired, sprinkle with raisins. In a medium mixing bowl, combine eggs, milk, sugar, cinnamon, and vanilla. Beat until well mixed. Pour over bread, and lightly push down with a fork until bread is covered and soaking up the egg mixture. Bake in the preheated oven for 45 minutes, or until the top springs back when lightly tapped.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a medium saucepan over medium-low heat, melt sugar until liquefied and golden in color.  Carefully pour hot syrup into a 9 inch round glass baking dish, turning the dish to evenly coat the bottom and sides.  Set aside. In a large bowl, beat eggs.  Beat in condensed milk, evaporated milk and vanilla until smooth.  Pour egg mixture into baking dish.  Cover with aluminum foil. Bake in preheated oven 60 minutes.  Let cool completely. To serve, carefully invert on serving plate with edges when completely cool.]
[Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) and line the bottom of a large baking pan with a damp kitchen cloth. Bring a large pot of water to boil. While water is boiling, combine cream, 1/4 cup sugar and salt in saucepan over medium heat.  Stir occasionally 4 to 5 minutes, until steam rises.  In a medium bowl, beat egg yolks and vanilla until smooth.  Pour hot cream into yolks, a little at a time, stirring constantly, until all cream is incorporated.  Pour mixture into four 6 oz. ramekins. Place ramekins on towel in baking dish, and place dish on oven rack.  Pour boiling water into dish to halfway up the sides of the ramekins.  Cover whole pan loosely with foil. Bake 25 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until custard is just set.  Chill ramekins in refrigerator 4 to 6 hours. Before serving, sprinkle 1 tablespoon sugar over each custard.  Use a kitchen torch or oven broiler to brown top, 2 to 3 minutes.]
[In a blender combine eggs, milk, flour, salt and oil.  Process until smooth.  Cover and refrigerate 1 hour. Heat a skillet over medium-high heat and brush with oil.  Pour 1/4 cup of crepe batter into pan, tilting to completely coat the surface of the pan.  Cook 2 to 5 minutes, turning once, until golden.  Repeat with remaining batter.]
[Place mint leaves and 1 lime wedge into a sturdy glass. Use a muddler to crush the mint and lime to release the mint oils and lime juice. Add 2 more lime wedges and the sugar, and muddle again to release the lime juice. Do not strain the mixture. Fill the glass almost to the top with ice. Pour the rum over the ice, and fill the glass with carbonated water. Stir, taste, and add more sugar if desired. Garnish with the remaining lime wedge.]
[Boil potatoes and garlic in a large pot of salted water until just tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain and let cool to room temperature. Discard the garlic. Whisk mayonnaise, vinegar, olive oil, and sambal oelek together in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Roughly chop cooled potatoes into a large bowl. Add cornichons, mustard greens, and mayonnaise mixture. Toss to coat. Cover and set aside in the refrigerator for 1 hour. Season with salt and pepper to taste.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Take two pieces of parchment paper, fold in half, and cut a half-circle starting at each crease. They should look similar to a heart-shape when unfolded. Coat each piece of parchment with olive oil on both sides. Place potatoes in a saucepan and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain. Bring a pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add asparagus, and cook uncovered until slightly tender, about 5 minutes. Drain in a colander, then immediately immerse in ice water for several minutes until cold to stop the cooking process. Once the asparagus is cold, drain well, and set aside. Place 1 salmon fillet, half the asparagus, and half the potatoes in the middle of one side of a prepared parchment paper. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and drizzle with extra-virgin olive oil. Fold other half of circle over and seal parchment edge by making overlapping folds around the edge. At the end, fold the last crease in the opposite direction of the rest to ensure it seals. Repeat with the second piece of prepared parchment and remaining ingredients. Place pouches on a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to sit for 5 minutes before cutting open parchment. The salmon is done when it flakes easily with a fork.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Pour olive oil into a heavy baking dish (such as an enameled cast iron dish). Place potatoes into the baking dish and toss to coat with olive oil. Sprinkle with fresh thyme sprigs, kosher salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and red bell pepper pieces. Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. Toss vegetables to turn over. Some potatoes may stick; don't try to turn them. Return to oven and bake for 20 more minutes. Toss potatoes again, turning potatoes so unbrowned sides contact the bottom of the dish. Continue baking until potatoes are browned and tender, about 15 more minutes. Turn oven off and leave potatoes in the oven for 15 more minutes. Toss once more and adjust levels of salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper before transferring potatoes to a serving bowl.]
[Combine the potatoes, celery, onion, ham and water in a stockpot. Bring to a boil, then cook over medium heat until potatoes are tender, about 10 to 15 minutes. Stir in the chicken bouillon, salt and pepper. In a separate saucepan, melt butter over medium-low heat. Whisk in flour with a fork, and cook, stirring constantly until thick, about 1 minute. Slowly stir in milk as not to allow lumps to form until all of the milk has been added. Continue stirring over medium-low heat until thick, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir the milk mixture into the stockpot, and cook soup until heated through. Serve immediately.]
[Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13 inch baking dish with the olive oil, and place it in the oven while preheating. In a medium bowl, mix together the ground turkey, egg, and bread crumbs using your hands. Using an ice cream scoop if possible, form the meat into golf ball sized meatballs. Place about 1 inch apart in the hot baking dish. Press down to flatten the bottom just slightly. Bake for 15 minutes in the preheated oven, then turn them over, and continue baking for about 5 more minutes, or until somewhat crispy on the outside. Serve with pasta and sauce or however you'd like.]
[Place eggs in a saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring water to a boil; cover, remove from heat, and let eggs stand in hot water for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from hot water, cool, peel and chop.        Watch Now, In a large bowl, combine the egg, mayonnaise, mustard, dill, paprika, onion and salt and pepper. Mash well with a fork or wooden spoon.        Watch Now, Serve on bread as a sandwich or over crisp lettuce as a salad.        Watch Now]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking dish. Bake sweet potatoes 35 minutes in the preheated oven, or until they begin to soften. Cool slightly, peel, and mash. In a large bowl, mix the mashed sweet potatoes, salt, 1/4 cup butter, eggs, vanilla extract, cinnamon, sugar, and heavy cream. Transfer to the prepared baking dish. In a medium bowl, combine 1/4 cup butter, flour, brown sugar, and chopped pecans. Mix with a pastry blender or your fingers to the consistency of course meal. Sprinkle over the sweet potato mixture. Bake 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until topping is crisp and lightly browned.]
[Preheat oven to 400 Degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease a 2 quart casserole dish. In a large bowl, lightly beat eggs. Add melted butter, sugar, and milk. Whisk in cornstarch. Stir in corn and creamed corn. Blend well.  Pour mixture into prepared casserole dish. Bake for 1 hour.]
[Fill a Collins glass with 1 1/2 cups ice, set aside in the freezer. Combine gin, lemon juice, and simple syrup in a cocktail shaker. Add 1 cup ice, cover and shake until chilled. Strain into the chilled Collins glass. Top with club soda and garnish with a lemon wedge.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Combine the egg yolks, sweetened condensed milk and lime juice. Mix well. Pour into unbaked graham cracker shell. Bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes. Allow to cool. Top with whipped topping and garnish with lime slices if desired.]
[Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.  Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes. Drain, cool, peel and chop. Place eggs in a saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring water to a boil; cover, remove from heat, and let eggs stand in hot water for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from hot water, cool, peel and chop. In a large bowl, combine the potatoes, eggs, celery, onion, relish, garlic salt, celery salt, mustard, pepper and mayonnaise. Mix together well and refrigerate until chilled.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). In a small bowl, combine cornmeal and milk; let stand for 5 minutes. Grease a 9x13 inch baking pan. In a large bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, salt and sugar. Mix in the cornmeal mixture, eggs and oil until smooth. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until a knife inserted into the center of the cornbread comes out clean.]
[Allow the toasted bread to sit approximately 24 hours, until hard. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking dish. Crush the bread into crumbs with a rolling pin. Place the crumbs in a large bowl. Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Stir in the onion and celery and slowly cook until soft. Remove from heat and drain. Mix the eggs and chicken broth into the bread crumbs. The mixture should be moist, but not mushy. Use water, if necessary, to attain desired consistency. Mix in the onion, celery, rubbed sage, garlic powder, salt and pepper. Press the mixture into the baking dish. Bake 1 hour in the preheated oven, or until the top is brown and crisp.]
[Tear off 4 pieces of aluminum foil big enough to enclose each portion of ribs. Spray each piece of foil with vegetable cooking spray. Brush the ribs liberally with barbeque sauce and place each portion in its own piece of foil. Wrap tightly and refrigerate for at least 8 hours, or overnight. Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Bake ribs wrapped tightly in the foil at 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) for 2 1/2 hours. Remove from foil and add more sauce, if desired.]
[In a medium bowl, mix the oil, soy sauce, vinegar, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, garlic, and ground black pepper. Place meat in a shallow glass dish. Pour marinade over the steak, turning meat to coat thoroughly. Cover, and refrigerate for 6 hours. Preheat grill for medium-high heat. Oil the grill grate. Place steaks on the grill, and discard the marinade. Grill meat for 5 minutes per side, or to desired doneness.]
[In a medium bowl, combine the oil, soy sauce, vinegar, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, ground black pepper, mustard, onion, and garlic. Mix together well, and use to marinate your favorite meat.]
[Prepare grill for indirect heat. Season meat with garlic powder, salt, and pepper. Lightly oil grate. Place tenderloin on grate, and position drip pan under meat. Cook over indirect heat for 30 minutes. Brush tenderloin with barbeque sauce. Continue cooking for 15 minutes, or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center reads 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Allow pork to rest for 10 minutes. Slice pork, and serve with additional barbeque sauce for dipping.]
[In a small bowl, mix together garlic, salt, soy sauce, ketchup, vegetable oil, black pepper and oregano. Score both sides of the meat, diamond cut, about 1/8 inch deep. Rub garlic mixture into both sides of the meat. Wrap tightly in aluminum foil, and refrigerate for 5 to 6 hours, or overnight. Flip meat every few hours. Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat, and lightly oil grate. Place meat on the prepared grill. Cook for 3 to 7 minutes per side, or to desired doneness.]
[Pour olive oil into a large soup pot, place over high heat, add spinach, and cover. Cook for 1 minute, uncover, and lightly stir until most of the leaves are bright green and wilted, about 2 minutes. Quickly drain spinach in a strainer and transfer to a plate lined with 4 or 5 paper towels. Once cool enough to handle, squeeze as much liquid from the spinach as possible. Transfer spinach to a cutting board and coarsely chop. Mix salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and nutmeg in a small bowl. Place a large skillet over medium heat, melt butter in skillet, and stir shallot in the hot butter until just barely golden and translucent, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir seasoning mixture into shallot mixture and pour in cream. Raise heat to medium-high and reduce cream sauce to about half, about 5 minutes. Stir in lemon zest. Reduce heat to low and toss spinach with cream sauce in skillet. Cook and stir until spinach is heated through and coated, about 2 minutes. Stir Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese into spinach until thoroughly combined; serve immediately.]
[In a large bowl, toss together the spinach and strawberries. In a medium bowl, whisk together the oil, vinegar, sugar, paprika, sesame seeds, and poppy seeds. Pour over the spinach and strawberries, and toss to coat.]
[Place ribs in a large pot with enough water to cover. Season with garlic powder, black pepper and salt. Bring water to a boil, and cook ribs until tender. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Remove ribs from pot, and place them in a 9x13 inch baking dish. Pour barbeque sauce over ribs. Cover dish with aluminum foil, and bake in the preheated oven for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, or until internal temperature of pork has reached 160 degrees F (70 degrees C).]
[Preheat oven to 250 degrees  F (95 degrees C).  Place popcorn in a very large bowl. In a medium saucepan over medium heat, melt butter.  Stir in brown sugar, corn syrup and salt.  Bring to a boil, stirring constantly.  Boil without stirring 4 minutes.  Remove from heat and stir in soda and vanilla.  Pour in a thin stream over popcorn, stirring to coat. Place in two large shallow baking dishes and bake in preheated oven, stirring every 15 minutes, for 1 hour.  Remove from oven and let cool completely before breaking into pieces.]
[Place the garbanzo beans, tahini, lemon juice, salt and garlic in a blender or food processor. Blend until smooth. Transfer mixture to a serving bowl. Drizzle olive oil over the garbanzo bean mixture. Sprinkle with paprika and parsley.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour 3 (9 inch) pans. Prepare the cake mix according to package directions. Divide two thirds of batter between 2 pans. Stir instant coffee into remaining batter; pour into remaining pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Let cool in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack and cool completely. In a measuring cup, combine brewed coffee and 1 tablespoon coffee liqueur; set aside. To make the filling:  In a small bowl, using an electric mixer set on low speed, combine mascarpone, 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar and 2 tablespoons coffee liqueur; beat just until smooth. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate. To make the frosting:  In a medium bowl, using an electric mixer set on medium-high speed, beat the cream, 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar and 2 tablespoons coffee liqueur until stiff. Fold 1/2 cup of cream mixture into filling mixture. To assemble the cake:   Place one plain cake layer on a serving plate. Using a thin skewer, poke holes in cake, about 1 inch apart. Pour one third of reserved coffee mixture over cake, then spread with half of the filling mixture. Top with coffee-flavored cake layer; poke holes in cake. Pour another third of the coffee mixture over the second layer and spread with the remaining filling. Top with remaining cake layer; poke holes in cake. Pour remaining coffee mixture on top. Spread sides and top of cake with frosting. Place cocoa in a sieve and lightly dust top of cake.  Garnish with chocolate curls.  Refrigerate at least 30 minutes before serving. To make the chocolate curls, use a vegetable peeler and run it down the edge of the chocolate bar.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large bowl, combine hash browns, 1/2 cup melted butter, cream of chicken soup, sour cream, chopped onion, Cheddar cheese, salt and pepper. Place mixture in a 3 quart casserole dish. In a medium saucepan over medium heat, saute cornflakes in 1/4 cup melted butter, and sprinkle the mixture over the top of the casserole. Bake covered in preheated oven for 40 minutes.]
[Grease a  large cookie sheet. Set aside.        Watch Now, In a heavy 2 quart saucepan, over medium heat, bring to a boil sugar, corn syrup, salt, and water. Stir until sugar is dissolved. Stir in peanuts. Set candy thermometer in place, and continue cooking. Stir frequently until temperature reaches 300 degrees F (150 degrees C), or until a small amount of mixture dropped into very cold water separates into hard and brittle threads.        Watch Now, Remove from heat; immediately stir in butter and baking soda; pour at once onto cookie sheet. With 2 forks, lift and pull peanut mixture into rectangle about 14x12 inches; cool. Snap candy into pieces.        Watch Now]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Sift together the flour, ginger, baking soda, cinnamon, cloves, and salt. Set aside. In a large bowl, cream together the margarine and 1 cup sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the egg, then stir in the water and molasses. Gradually stir the sifted ingredients into the molasses mixture. Shape dough into walnut sized balls, and roll them in the remaining 2 tablespoons of sugar. Place the cookies 2 inches apart onto an ungreased cookie sheet, and flatten slightly. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven. Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for 5 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely. Store in an airtight container.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x5 inch loaf pan. In a large bowl, stir together the melted butter and sugar. Add the eggs and vanilla, mix well. Combine the flour, baking soda and salt, stir into the butter mixture until smooth. Finally, fold in the sour cream, walnuts and bananas. Spread evenly into the prepared pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 60 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the loaf comes out clean. Cool loaf in the pan for 10 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.]
[Line an 8x8 inch pan with aluminum foil. Set aside. In a large saucepan over medium heat, combine marshmallow cream, sugar, evaporated milk, butter and salt. Bring to a full boil, and cook for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and pour in semisweet chocolate chips and milk chocolate chips. Stir until chocolate is melted and mixture is smooth. Stir in nuts and vanilla. Pour into prepared pan. Chill in refrigerator for 2 hours, or until firm.]
[In a large bowl, whip cream until stiff peaks are just about to form. Beat in vanilla and sugar until peaks form. Make sure not to over-beat, cream will then become lumpy and butter-like.]
[In a small saucepan, combine sugar and 1 cup water.  Bring to boil and stir to dissolve sugar. Allow to cool to room temperature, then cover and refrigerate until chilled. Remove seeds from lemon juice, but leave pulp. In pitcher, stir together chilled syrup, lemon juice and remaining 7 cups water.]
[In a small bowl, dissolve yeast and 1 teaspoon sugar in 1 1/4 cup warm water. Let stand until creamy, about 10 minutes. In a large bowl, mix together flour, 1/2 cup sugar, and salt. Make a well in the center; add the oil and yeast mixture.  Mix and form into a dough. If the mixture is dry, add one or two more tablespoons of water. Knead the dough until smooth, about 7 to 8 minutes. Lightly oil a large bowl, place the dough in the bowl, and turn to coat with oil. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Grease 2 baking sheets. In a large bowl, dissolve baking soda in 4 cups hot water; set aside. When risen, turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and divide into 12 equal pieces.  Roll each piece into a rope and twist into a pretzel shape. Once all of the dough is shaped, dip each pretzel into the baking soda-hot water solution and place pretzels on baking sheets. Sprinkle with kosher salt. Bake in preheated oven until browned, about 8 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). If roast is untied, tie at 3 inch intervals with cotton twine. Place roast in pan, and season with salt, garlic powder, and pepper. Add more or less seasonings to taste. Roast in oven for 60 minutes (20 minutes per pound). Remove from oven, cover loosely with foil, and let rest for 15 to 20 minutes.]
[Preheat an oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Brush the tilapia fillets with oil on both sides, season with Creole seasoning to taste, then place into a 9x13-inch baking dish. Bake in the preheated oven until the flesh is no longer translucent, and the fish flakes easily with a fork, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Stir in the garlic, and cook until the garlic has softened and the aroma has mellowed, about 2 minutes. Stir in the Alfredo sauce and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to low, and keep warm until the fish is ready. Pour the sauce over the fish to serve. Sprinkle with additional Creole seasoning if desired.]
[Preheat grill for high heat. In a large bowl, mix the ground beef, egg, bread crumbs, evaporated milk, Worcestershire sauce, cayenne pepper, and garlic using your hands. Form the mixture into 8 hamburger patties. Lightly oil the grill grate. Grill patties 5 minutes per side, or until well done.]
[Cream shortening until fluffy. Add confectioner's sugar and continue creaming until well blended. Add salt, vanilla, and whipping cream blend on low speed until moistened.  Add additional whipping cream if necessary (up to 2 ounces). Beat at high speed until frosting is fluffy.]
[Combine eggs, milk, and 2 tablespoons butter in a blender. Add buckwheat flour, all-purpose flour, and a pinch of salt; puree until smooth. Allow batter to rest in the refrigerator overnight. Melt 3 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Stir in cremini mushrooms and cook until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Add tomatoes and spinach; cook and stir until wilted, 3 to 4 minutes. Set the filling aside. Melt 1 teaspoon butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Pour about 1/4 cup batter per crepe (depending on the size of your pan) into the hot skillet and immediately tilt and swirl the pan to evenly distribute batter along the bottom. Cook until the center is set and edges begin to brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Sprinkle 1/4 of the filling in the middle of each crepe and sprinkle each with 3 tablespoons Gruyere cheese. Reserve remaining cheese. Fold the crepes in thirds over the filling, forming triangle shapes. Serve crepes with remaining Gruyere sprinkled on top.]
[Whisk together vinegar, fish sauce, sugar, lime juice, garlic, and red pepper flakes in small bowl. Set the sauce aside. Heat vegetable oil a small skillet over medium heat. Add shallots; cook and stir and softened and lightly caramelized, about 8 minutes. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate. Skewer 4 shrimp on each skewer and grill until they turn pink and are charred on the outside, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Set aside. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add vermicelli noodles and cook until softened, 12 minutes. Drain noodles and rinse with cold water, stirring to separate the noodles. Assemble the vermicelli bowl by placing the cooked noodles in one half of each serving bowl and the lettuce and bean sprouts in the other half. Top each bowl with cucumbers, carrots, daikon, cilantro, Thai basil, mint, peanuts, and the caramelized shallots. Serve with shrimp skewers on top and sauce on the side. Pour sauce over the top and toss thoroughly to coat before eating.]
[Whisk vinegar, fish sauce, sugar, lime juice, garlic, and red pepper flakes together in a small bowl. Set the dipping sauce aside. Fill a large bowl with room temperature water. Add rice vermicelli and soak for 1 hour. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Drop in shrimp and cook until curled and pink, about 1 minute. Remove the shrimp and drain. Slice each shrimp in half lengthwise. Transfer rice vermicelli noodles to the pot of boiling water and cook for 1 minute. Remove and drain in a colander. Immediately rinse the vermicelli with cold water, stirring to separate the noodles. To assemble the rolls, dip 1 rice wrapper in a large bowl of room temperature water for a few seconds to soften. Place wrapper on a work surface and top with 4 shrimp halves, 1/4 of the chopped lettuce, 1/2 ounce vermicelli, and 1/4 each of the mint, cilantro, and Thai basil. Fold right and left edges of the wrapper over the ends of the filling and roll up the spring roll. Repeat with remaining wrappers and ingredients. Cut each roll in half and serve with dipping sauce.]
[In a large bowl, stir together the shortening and corn syrup. Mix in the salt and vanilla flavoring, then gradually mix in the confectioners' sugar until it is a stiff dough. If you are using a stand mixer, use the dough hook attachment. Otherwise, knead by hand. If the dough is sticky, knead in more confectioners' sugar until it is smooth. Store in an airtight container at room temperature or in the refrigerator. To use, roll out on a clean surface that has been dusted with confectioners' sugar until it is 1/8 inch thick or thinner if you can. Drape over frosted and chilled cakes and smooth the sides down, or cut into strips to make bows and other decorations.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Butter a medium baking dish with 1 tablespoon butter. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add egg noodles, cook for 8 to 10 minutes, until al dente, and drain. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a skillet over medium-low heat. Stir in the onion, celery, and garlic, and cook 5 minutes, until tender. Increase heat to medium-high, and mix in mushrooms. Continue to cook and stir 5 minutes, or until most of the liquid has evaporated. Melt 4 tablespoons butter in a medium saucepan, and whisk in flour until smooth. Gradually whisk in milk, and continue cooking 5 minutes, until sauce is smooth and slightly thickened. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in tuna, peas, mushroom mixture, and cooked noodles. Transfer to the baking dish. Melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a small bowl, mix with bread crumbs, and sprinkle over the casserole. Top with cheese. Bake 25 minutes in the preheated oven, or until bubbly and lightly browned.]
[In a large bowl, mix together the peanut butter, butter, vanilla and confectioners' sugar. The dough will look dry. Roll into 1 inch balls and place on a waxed paper-lined cookie sheet. Press a toothpick into the top of each ball (to be used later as the handle for dipping) and chill in freezer until firm, about 30 minutes. Melt chocolate chips in a double boiler or in a bowl set over a pan of barely simmering water. Stir frequently until smooth. Dip frozen peanut butter balls in chocolate holding onto the toothpick. Leave a small portion of peanut butter showing at the top to make them look like Buckeyes. Put back on the cookie sheet and refrigerate until serving.]
[Spread about 1 1/2 cups of brown sugar on the bottom of the slow cooker crock. Place the ham flat side down into the slow cooker - you might have to trim it a little to make it fit. Use your hands to rub the remaining brown sugar onto the ham. Cover, and cook on Low for 8 hours.]
[Heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat. Place turkey in the pot, and cook until evenly brown. Stir in onion, and cook until tender. Pour water into the pot. Mix in tomatoes, kidney beans, and garlic. Season chili powder, paprika, oregano, cayenne pepper, cumin, salt, and pepper.  Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer 30 minutes.]
[Heat vinegar in a small skillet over medium-low heat. Simmer until reduced by about half, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat and allow to cool to room temperature. Prepare a grill for high heat. Place bread slices on a foil-lined baking sheet and drizzle with olive oil. Combine strawberries and thyme in a small bowl and set aside. Grill bread on the preheated grill until browned, about 3 minutes per side. Spread goat cheese on toasted bread. Add black pepper, salt, and reduced vinegar to the strawberry mixture. Spoon over the goat cheese topped bruschetta. Garnish with additional thyme.]
[Place half the ground beef on a sheet of plastic wrap. Pat it into a rectangular shape, about 1/2 inch thick, 8 1/2 inches long, and 4 inches wide. Season with salt and pepper. Roll the beef into a log, using the plastic wrap as a guide. Season with more salt and pepper. Wrap the plastic tightly around the log and twist both ends tight. Pat gently to slightly flatten. Repeat with remaining ground beef. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate. Remove the burger dogs from the plastic wrap and place on the grill, perpendicular to the grates. Cook until burgers are browned but still pink inside, 4 to 5 minutes, flip, and cook another 2 to 3 minutes. Place a slice of cheese on each burger dog and grill to medium doneness (an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 140 degrees F/60 degrees C). Remove and rest 3 to 4 minutes. Toast hot dog buns on the grill and spread each with 2 teaspoons mayonnaise. Place burger dog on each bun and squirt 1 tablespoon of ketchup on top.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Roll out pie crust and lay into a 9-inch pie pan. Combine almonds, brown sugar, oats, flour, and salt in a large bowl. Work butter into the almond mixture with your fingers, breaking up any large pieces, until incorporated completely. Cover and chill for 15 minutes. Combine cherries, lemon juice, white sugar, and cornstarch. Stir until well coated and no dry lumps remain, 3 to 4 minutes. Pour cherries and any accumulated juices into the prepared pie pan. Press down into the pan. Crumble oat mixture over the top. Place the pan on the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until cherries are bubbling and the crust and crumble topping are browned, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Let cool completely.]
[Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Stir in onion; cook and stir until onions begin to turn translucent, 6 to 7 minutes. Cook and stir in garlic until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add capers and caper juice; stir to combine. Stir in tomatoes, olives, jalapeno pepper, . Cook and stir until jalapeno pepper softens and tomatoes begin to collapse, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat; stir in oregano. Drizzle 1 teaspoon olive oil into a small baking dish. Sprinkle in 1 tablespoon of the tomato-olive mixture. Top with 1 snapper fillet, salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Top with more filling and juice from 1 lime. Repeat with remaining snapper fillet, seasoning, and lime juice in a second baking dish. Bake in the preheated oven until fish is flaky and no longer translucent, 15 to 20 minutes.]
[Place pork between two sheets of heavy plastic (resealable freezer bags work well) on a solid, level surface. Firmly pound pork with the smooth side of a meat mallet to a thickness of 1/2 inch. Place pork pieces on a plate and season both sides generously with salt and black pepper. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons of flour over pork pieces, lightly coating both sides. Pour eggs over pork, turning to coat. Transfer pork pieces to a bowl filled with panko bread crumbs. Press bread crumbs firmly into the meat on both sides. Transfer breaded cutlets to a clean plate, cover with plastic and refrigerate for 15 minutes. Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat. Stir in pickles, jalapeno pepper, and green onions; cook and stir until onions have softened, about 3 minutes. Sprinkle in 1 1/2 tablespoon flour. Cook and stir for 3 minutes. Slowly stir in 2 to 3 tablespoons cold milk, whisking constantly. Stir in remaining milk, Worcestershire sauce, and black pepper. Simmer on low for 5 minutes. Taste and adjust seasoning. Heat half the vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add 4 breaded pork cutlets and cook until pork is not longer pink inside, and the crust is well-browned, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer to plate lined with paper towels. Sprinkle with salt. Repeat with remaining vegetable oil and pork cutlets.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Melt butter and olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion; cook and stir until onion is lightly browned, 7 to 8 minutes. Remove from heat. Combine rice and onion mixture in a 9x13-inch casserole dish placed on a baking sheet. Stir thoroughly to coat the rice. Combine chicken stock, salt, saffron, and cayenne pepper in a saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer for 5 minutes. Pour chicken stock mixture over rice in the casserole dish and stir to combine. Spread mixture evenly along the bottom of the pan. Cover tightly with heavy-duty aluminum foil. Bake in the preheated oven for 35 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to rest, covered, for 10 minutes. Remove foil and fluff with a fork to separate the grains of rice.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degree F (175 degree C). Spread the white and whole wheat bread cubes in a single layer on a large baking sheet. Bake for 5 to 7 minutes in the preheated oven, or until evenly toasted. Transfer toasted bread cubes to a large bowl.        Watch Now, In a large skillet, cook the sausage and onions over medium heat, stirring and breaking up the lumps until evenly browned. Add the celery, sage, rosemary, and thyme; cook, stirring, for 2 minutes to blend flavors.        Watch Now, Pour sausage mixture over bread in bowl. Mix in chopped apple, dried cranberries, parsley, and liver. Drizzle with turkey stock and melted butter, and mix lightly.  Allow stuffing to cool completely before loosely stuffing a turkey.        Watch Now]
[Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain. In a large skillet, cook and stir shrimp and garlic in the butter for about one minute. Pour in half and half; stir.  Sprinkle Parmesan cheese in one tablespoon at a time, stirring constantly.  After all Parmesan is added, mix in parsley and salt.  Stir frequently making sure it does not boil.  Sauce will take a while to thicken. When sauce has thickened, combine with cooked pasta noodles; serve hot.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a muffin pan with paper or foil liners. Sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, cocoa and salt. Set aside.        Watch Now, In a large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well with each addition, then stir in the vanilla. Add the flour mixture alternately with the milk; beat well. Fill the muffin cups 3/4 full.        Watch Now, Bake for 15 to 17 minutes in the preheated oven, or until a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out clean. Frost with your favorite frosting when cool.        Watch Now]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line baking sheets with parchment paper. To make cookies, beat 2/3 cup of vegetable shortening with 2 cups of sugar in a large mixing bowl with an electric mixer until the mixture is creamy. Beat in eggs and 2 teaspoons of vanilla extract until thoroughly combined. Whisk together 4 cups of flour, the cocoa powder, and baking soda until thoroughly mixed, then beat the flour mixture into the vegetable shortening mixture in several additions, alternating with the milk. Beat dough just until smooth. Drop dough by tablespoon onto the prepared baking sheets, about 2 inches apart, making the cookies as round as possible. Recipe should yield about 48 cookies. Bake in the preheated oven until the cookies are set in the middle, 15 to 20 minutes. Watch carefully to avoid burning the cookies. Allow cookies to cool for several minutes on baking sheets before removing to finish cooling on racks. To make the filling, pour 3 cups of milk into a large saucepan over low heat, and whisk in 9 tablespoons of flour until smooth. Allow the mixture to come to a simmer, whisking constantly, until as thick and smooth as pudding, about 3 minutes. Place the thickened mixture into the refrigerator to cool, about 30 minutes. In a large mixing bowl, beat 1 1/2 cup of vegetable shortening with the butter until thoroughly combined, then beat in 2 1/4 cup of sugar and 1 tablespoon vanilla extract until the mixture is thoroughly combined. Beat the cooled milk mixture into the butter mixture until smooth and fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Choose 2 cookies of the same size, and spread a thick layer of filling on the flat side of a cookie; top with remaining cookie. Repeat with remaining cookies and frosting.]
[Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Cream butter and brown sugar. Add 3 to 3 3/4 cups flour. Mix well. Sprinkle board with the remaining flour. Knead for 5 minutes, adding enough flour to make a soft dough. Roll to 1/2 inch thickness. Cut into 3x1 inch strips. Prick with fork and place on ungreased baking sheets. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 20 to 25 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).  Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil, add pasta, and cook until done; drain.        Watch Now, In 9x13 inch baking dish, stir together macaroni, shredded Cheddar cheese, cottage cheese, sour cream, Parmesan cheese, salt and pepper. In a small bowl, mix together bread crumbs and melted butter. Sprinkle topping over macaroni mixture.        Watch Now, Bake 30 to 35 minutes, or until top is golden.        Watch Now]
[In a large bowl, combine flour and salt. Cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in water, a tablespoon at a time, until mixture forms a ball. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight. Roll dough out to fit a 9 inch pie plate. Place crust in pie plate. Press the dough evenly into the bottom and sides of the pie plate.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease 3 - 9 inch round cake pans. In medium bowl, pour boiling water over cocoa, and whisk until smooth. Let mixture cool. Sift together flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt; set aside.        Watch Now, In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs one at time, then stir in vanilla. Add the flour mixture alternately with the cocoa mixture. Spread batter evenly between the 3 prepared pans.        Watch Now, Bake in preheated oven for 25 to 30 minutes. Allow to cool.        Watch Now]
[Pour coffee liqueur into a shot glass. Carefully pour in Irish cream liqueur so it floats on top. Pour triple sec on top so it floats as well, to create a three-layered drink.]
[Combine vinegar, miso paste, brown sugar, cayenne pepper, and garlic in a small bowl. Stir until smooth. Spread miso mixture generously on both sides of skirt steaks. Sprinkle with black pepper. Allow to rest at room temperature for about 30 minutes. Prepare a charcoal grill for medium-high heat. Place steak on the grill and cook without moving for about 2 minutes. Turn steaks 180 degrees to create cross-hatch grill marks, and cook another 2 minutes. Flip steaks and continue cooking until medium-rare to medium on the inside, and shiny on the outside, about 4 more minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 135 degrees F (57 degrees C). Allow to rest for 5 minutes.]
[In a very large container, mix together the olive oil, garlic powder, oregano, basil, pepper, salt, onion powder, and Dijon-style mustard. Pour in the vinegar, and mix vigorously until well blended. Store tightly covered at room temperature.]
[Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a skillet over high heat. Saute green onions briefly until tender; cool slightly. Combine crabmeat, sauteed green onions, egg, mayonnaise, dry mustard, crushed crackers, cayenne pepper, garlic powder, Old Bay seasoning, salt and pepper. Form into 1/2 inch thick patties. Coat the patties with bread crumbs. Heat 1/2 cup oil in a skillet over medium high heat. Cook cakes until golden brown on each side. Drain briefly on paper towels and serve hot.]
[Toss together the cucumbers and onion in a large bowl. Combine the vinegar, water and sugar in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Bring to a boil, and pour over the cucumber and onions. Stir in dill, cover, and refrigerate until cold. This can also be eaten at room temperature, but be sure to allow the cucumbers to marinate for at least 1 hour.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Sift together the flour, salt and baking soda; set aside. Cream together the butter, sugar, peanut butter and brown sugar until fluffy. Beat in the egg, vanilla and milk. Add the flour mixture; mix well. Shape into 40 balls and place each into an ungreased mini muffin pan. Bake at 375 degrees for about 8 minutes. Remove from oven and immediately press a mini peanut butter cup into each ball. Cool and carefully remove from pan.]
[Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9x5 inch loaf pans. Sift the flour, salt and baking soda into a large bowl. In a separate bowl, mix together the butter or margarine and sugar until smooth. Stir in the bananas, eggs, and walnuts until well blended. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry mixture, and stir just until blended. Divide the batter evenly between the two loaf pans. Bake for 60 to 70 minutes in the preheated oven, until a knife inserted into the crown of the loaf comes out clean. Let the loaves cool in the pans for at least 5 minutes, then turn out onto a cooling rack, and cool completely. Wrap in aluminum foil to keep in the moisture. Ideally, refrigerate the loaves for 2 hours or more before serving.]
[Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease a 9x5 inch loaf pan. Combine flour, baking powder, sugar, salt and baking soda. Blend egg and buttermilk together, and add all at once to the flour mixture. Mix just until moistened. Stir in butter. Pour into prepared pan. Bake for 65 to 70 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the bread comes out clean. Cool on a wire rack. Wrap in foil for several hours, or overnight, for best flavor.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease cookie sheets. In a large bowl, cream together the butter flavored shortening, brown sugar and white sugar until light and fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well with each addition, then stir in the vanilla .Combine the flour, baking soda and salt; gradually stir into the creamed mixture. Finally, fold in the chocolate chips. Drop by rounded spoonfuls onto the prepared cookie sheets. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven, until light brown. Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for 5 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.]
[In a medium bowl, mix together oil, soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, wine vinegar, and lemon juice. Stir in mustard powder, salt, pepper, and parsley. Use to marinate chicken before cooking as desired. The longer you marinate, the more flavor it will have.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Mix sugar, cornstarch, salt, and cinnamon, and sprinkle over blueberries. Line pie dish with one pie crust.  Pour berry mixture into the crust, and dot with butter.  Cut remaining pastry into 1/2 - 3/4 inch wide strips, and make lattice top.  Crimp and flute edges. Bake pie on lower shelf of oven for about 50 minutes, or until crust is golden brown.]
[Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C). In a 9 inch square baking pan, mix sliced apples with brown sugar. In a large bowl, mix together flour, white sugar, cinnamon and salt. In a small bowl, beat together egg and melted butter. Stir into flour mixture. Spread evenly over apples. Bake in preheated oven for 30 to 40 minutes, or until topping is golden and crisp.]
[Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Arrange the pretzels in a single layer on a parchment lined cookie sheet.  Place one chocolate covered caramel candy on each pretzel. Bake for 4 minutes.  While the candy is warm, press a pecan half onto each candy covered pretzel.  Cool completely before storing in an airtight container.]
[Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). In a medium bowl, dissolve yeast and sugar in warm water. Let stand until creamy, about 10 minutes. Stir in flour, salt and oil. Beat until smooth. Let rest for 5 minutes. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and pat or roll into a round. Transfer crust to a lightly greased pizza pan or baker's peel dusted with cornmeal. Spread with desired toppings and bake in preheated oven for 15 to 20 minutes, or until golden brown. Let baked pizza cool for 5 minutes before serving.]
[Place chocolate chips, sweetened condensed milk, and butter or margarine in large microwaveable bowl. Zap in microwave on medium until chips are melted, about 3-5 minute, stirring once or twice during cooking. Stir in nuts, if desired. Pour into well-greased 8x8-inch glass baking dish. Refrigerate until set.]
[Place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown. Drain, crumble and set aside. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9 inch pie pan. Line bottom of pie plate with cheese and crumbled bacon. Combine eggs, butter, onion, salt, flour and milk; whisk together until smooth; pour into pie pan. Bake in preheated oven for 35 minutes, until set. Serve hot or cold.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Cut bacon into thirds and wrap each strip around a little sausage. Place the wrapped sausages on wooden skewers, several to a skewer. Arrange the skewers on a baking sheet and sprinkle them liberally with brown sugar. Bake until bacon is crisp and the brown sugar melted.]
[Chop cookies very fine in food processor. The white cream will disappear. Mix butter, cream cheese, and sugar in bowl. In a large bowl mix milk, pudding and whipped topping together. Combine pudding mixture and cream mixture together. Layer in flower pot, starting with cookies then cream mixture.  Repeat layers. Chill until ready to serve. Add artificial flower and trowel.  Enjoy!]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). In a mixing bowl, cream butter and sugars. Add pudding mix, eggs and vanilla. Combine flour and baking soda; add to creamed mixture and mix well. Fold in chocolate chips. Drop by teaspoonfuls onto ungreased baking sheets. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until lightly browned.]
[Combine 1/2 cup soy sauce, rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon chives, sesame seeds, and chile sauce in a small bowl. Set aside. Mix pork, garlic, egg, 2 tablespoons chives, soy sauce, sesame oil, and ginger in a large bowl until thoroughly combined. Place a dumpling wrapper on a lightly floured work surface and spoon about 1 tablespoon of the filling in the middle. Wet the edge with a little water and crimp together forming small pleats to seal the dumpling. Repeat with remaining dumpling wrappers and filling. Heat 1 to 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Place 8 to 10 dumplings in the pan and cook until browned, about 2 minutes per side. Pour in 1 cup of water, cover and cook until the dumplings are tender and the pork is cooked through, about 5 minutes. Repeat for remaining dumplings. Serve with soy sauce mixture for dipping.]
[Prepare brownie mix according to package directions and cool completely. Cut into 1 inch squares. In a large bowl, combine pudding mix, water and sweetened condensed milk. Mix until smooth, then fold in 8 ounces whipped topping until no streaks remain. In a trifle bowl or glass serving dish, place half of the brownies, half of the pudding mixture and half of the 12 ounce container of whipped topping. Repeat layers.  Shave chocolate onto top layer for garnish. Refrigerate 8 hours before serving.]
[Sift together 1 1/2 cups flour, baking soda and salt.  Cream 1/2 cup  butter and gradually add 1/2 cup brown sugar, creaming well.  Add egg and egg yolk and beat well.  Blend in vanilla and maple flavoring.  Add the dry ingredients gradually, mixing thoroughly.  Chill to slightly firm dough. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Arrange pecan halves in groups of five  on greased baking sheets to resemble head and legs of a turtle.  Shape dough into balls; dip bottom into unbeaten egg white and press lightly onto nuts.  Use a rounded teaspoon of dough for each, so tips of nuts will show when cookies are baked.  Bake for 10 to 13 minutes.  Do not overbake. Cool; frost tops generously with Chocolate Frosting. To Make Frosting:   Combine 2 (1-ounce) squares of unsweetened chocolate ( or 1/3 cup semi-sweet chocolate pieces), 1/4 cup milk and 1 Tablespoon butter in top of double boiler.  Heat over boiling water until chocolate melts; blend until smooth.  Remove from heat; add 1 cup sifted confectioners' sugar.  Beat until smooth and glossy.  If too thin, add more confectioners' sugar until the desired consistency.]
[Whisk together ground coffee and cold water in a small bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside for 12 hours. Whisk, then strain through a funnel lined with a moistened paper towel into a bowl. Place ice cream scoops in 2 coffee or espresso cups. Pour 1/4 to 1/2 cup cold coffee over the top of each. Garnish with shaved dark chocolate.]
[Stir pudding mix, whipped topping, and milk together in a medium bowl until well blended. Arrange a single layer of graham cracker squares in the bottom of a 13x9 inch baking pan. Evenly spread half of the pudding mixture over the crackers. Top with another layer of crackers and the remaining pudding mixture. Top with a final layer of graham crackers. Spread the frosting over the whole cake up to the edges of the pan. Cover, and chill at least 4 hours before serving.]
[In a medium bowl, mix together the butter or margarine, graham cracker crumbs, confectioners' sugar, and 1 cup peanut butter until well blended. Press evenly into the bottom of an ungreased 9x13 inch pan. In a metal bowl over simmering water, or in the microwave, melt the chocolate chips with the peanut butter, stirring occasionally until smooth. Spread over the prepared crust. Refrigerate for at least one hour before cutting into squares.]
[Place lamb shanks in a large resealable plastic bag. Whisk together cider vinegar, oil, salt, tamarind concentrate, and garam masala in a bowl, and pour into the bag. Squeeze out excess air and seal the bag. Marinate in the refrigerator for 8 hours or overnight. Preheat an oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Grease a foil-lined baking sheet. Remove marinated lamb shanks and place on the prepared baking sheet. Season all sides with salt. Roast in the preheated oven until well-browned, 15 to 20 minutes. Reserve marinade in the bag. Combine 1 onion, garlic, ginger, cherry tomatoes, and water in a blender and pulse on and off until smooth. Set aside. Combine cayenne pepper, paprika, cinnamon, cumin, dried mustard, and black pepper in a small bowl. Melt clarified butter in a large stockpot over medium-high heat. Cook and stir 1 onion until softened and well-browned, about 30 minutes. Reduce heat to medium and pour in cayenne pepper mixture. Cook and stir until spices are aromatic, about 2 minutes. Pour marinade from the bag into the stockpot, and stir in tomato-onion mixture and brown sugar. Bring mixture to a simmer. Place lamb shanks in the pan and reduce heat to low. Cover and cook, turning occasionally, until meat is tender and easily pierced with a fork, 3 to 4 hours. Remove lamb from the pot and cover with foil. Increase heat and simmer the sauce for a few minutes, skimming the fat from the top. Taste and add salt if needed. Serve lamb shanks with sauce spooned over the top. Garnish with cilantro.]
[Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (220 degrees C). Grease a large casserole dish. Place the olive oil and garlic in a large resealable bag. Add cauliflower, and shake to mix. Pour into the prepared casserole dish, and season with salt and pepper to taste. Bake for 25 minutes, stirring halfway through. Top with Parmesan cheese and parsley, and broil for 3 to 5 minutes, until golden brown.]
[Place pork chops in slow cooker. Combine remaining ingredients and pour over pork chops. Cook on Low setting for 6 hours, until internal temperature of pork has reached 145 degrees F (63 degrees C).]
[Place 1 cup water, bread flour, sugar, salt and yeast into bread machine pan in the order recommended by manufacturer. Select Dough cycle, and press Start. When the cycle has completed, place dough in a greased bowl, turning to coat all sides. Cover, and let rise in a warm place for about 30 minutes, or until doubled in bulk. Dough is ready if indentation remains when touched. Punch down dough. On a lightly floured surface, roll into a 16x12 inch rectangle.  Cut dough in half, creating two 8x12 inch rectangles. Roll up each half of dough tightly, beginning at 12 inch side, pounding out any air bubbles as you go. Roll gently back and forth to taper end. Place 3 inches apart on a greased cookie sheet. Make deep diagonal slashes across loaves every 2 inches, or make one lengthwise slash on each loaf. Cover, and let rise in a warm place for 30 to 40 minutes, or until doubled in bulk. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Mix egg yolk with 1 tablespoon water; brush over tops of loaves. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes in the preheated oven, or until golden brown.]
[Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).        Watch Now, Place beef bones on a baking sheet and roast in the preheated oven until browned, about 1 hour.        Watch Now, Place onion on a baking sheet and roast in the preheated oven until blackened and soft, about 45 minutes.        Watch Now, Place bones, onion, ginger, salt, star anise, and fish sauce in a large stockpot and cover with 4 quarts of water. Bring to a boil and reduce heat to low. Simmer on low for 6 to 10 hours. Strain the broth into a saucepan and set aside.        Watch Now, Place rice noodles in large bowl filled with room temperature water and allow to soak for 1 hour. Bring a large pot of water to a boil and after the noodles have soaked, place them in the boiling water for 1 minute. Bring stock to a simmer.        Watch Now, Divide noodles among 4 serving bowls; top with sirloin, cilantro, and green onion. Pour hot broth over the top. Stir and let sit until the beef is partially cooked and no longer pink, 1 to 2 minutes. Serve with bean sprouts, Thai basil, lime wedges, hoisin sauce, and chile-garlic sauce on the side.        Watch Now]
[Melt butter in olive oil over medium heat in a saucepan. Cook and stir onion, carrot, celery, and salt until vegetables are softened and onion is translucent, about 10 minutes.        Watch Now, Reduce heat to low and add thyme sprigs and pepper. Stir in lentils until well coated. Add chicken stock and bring to a gentle simmer.        Watch Now, Reduce heat to low, cover and cook, checking occasionally, until the lentils are tender and have absorbed all the liquid, about 35 minutes. Remove from heat and discard thyme stems. Stir in champagne vinegar and parsley. Season with salt and pepper to taste.        Watch Now]
[Rinse whole lettuce leaves and pat dry, being careful not tear them. Set aside. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir beef and cooking oil in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and discard grease; transfer beef to a bowl. Cook and stir onion in the same skillet used for beef until slightly tender, 5 to 10 minutes. Stir hoisin sauce, garlic, soy sauce, vinegar, ginger, and chile pepper sauce into onions. Add water chestnuts, green onions, sesame oil, and cooked beef; cook and stir until the onions just begin to wilt, about 2 minutes. Arrange lettuce leaves around the outer edge of a large serving platter and pile meat mixture in the center.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease cookie sheets. In a medium bowl, stir peanut butter and sugar together until smooth. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then stir in the baking soda, salt, and vanilla. Roll dough into 1 inch balls and place them 2 inches apart onto the prepared cookie sheets. Press a criss-cross into the top using the back of a fork. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven. Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for 5 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.]
[In a saucepan over medium heat, combine the corn syrup, margarine, cold water, confectioners' sugar and marshmallows. Heat and stir until the mixture comes to a boil. Carefully combine the hot mixture with the popcorn, coating each kernel. Grease hands with vegetable shortening and quickly shape the coated popcorn into balls before it cools. Wrap with cellophane or plastic wrap and store at room temperature.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a 9x13-inch baking dish, combine the macaroni, tuna, and soup. Mix well, and then top with cheese. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for about 25 minutes, or until bubbly. Sprinkle with fried onions, and bake for another 5 minutes. Serve hot.]
[In medium bowl, combine egg, 1/2 cup flour, beer and baking powder. Place 1/4 cup flour and coconut in two separate bowls. Hold shrimp by tail, and dredge in flour, shaking off excess flour. Dip in egg/beer batter; allow excess to drip off. Roll shrimp in coconut, and place on a baking sheet lined with wax paper. Refrigerate for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, heat oil to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) in a deep-fryer. Fry shrimp in batches: cook, turning once, for 2 to 3 minutes, or until golden brown. Using tongs, remove shrimp to paper towels to drain. Serve warm with your favorite dipping sauce.]
[Place the butter in a shallow bowl, and set aside. Place the marshmallows in a large microwave-safe bowl, and microwave on High for 30 seconds to 1 minute to start melting the marshmallows. Carefully stir the water and vanilla extract into the hot marshmallows, and stir until the mixture is smooth. Slowly beat in the confectioners' sugar, a cup at a time, until you have a sticky dough. Reserve 1 cup of powdered sugar for kneading. The dough will be very stiff. Rub your hands thoroughly with butter, and begin kneading the sticky dough. As you knead, the dough will become workable and pliable. Turn the dough out onto a working surface dusted with confectioners' sugar and continue kneading until the fondant is smooth and no longer sticky to the touch, 5 to 10 minutes. Form the fondant into a ball, wrap it tightly in plastic wrap, and refrigerate overnight. To use, allow the fondant to come to room temperature, and roll it out onto a flat surface dusted with confectioners' sugar.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour an 8-inch round springform pan. Bring a small saucepan of water to a boil. Add dates and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Drain dates and transfer to a food processor. Puree dates into a smooth paste. Sift together flour and baking soda into a large bowl. Stir in chopped walnuts until combined and set aside. Beat together butter and sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Slowly add beaten eggs, allowing them to thoroughly blend into the butter mixture. Stir in ground dates and mix until combined. Pour in flour mixture and stir with a wooden spoon until just incorporated. Add 3/4 cup hot water or as needed to thin the batter into a pourable consistency. Transfer the batter to the prepared pan. Bake cake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 45 to 50 minutes. Cool in the pan for 10 minutes before removing to cool completely on a wire rack.]
[Line a 9x13-inch baking dish with plastic wrap. Melt white chocolate in the top of a double boiler over simmering water, stirring frequently and scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching. Place melted white chocolate in a large bowl and stir in peanut butter until well combined. Pour mixture into the prepared baking dish and smooth the top with a spatula. Melt dark chocolate in the top of a double boiler over simmering water, stirring frequently and scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching. Drizzle melted dark chocolate over the white chocolate-peanut butter mixture in stripes. Use a butter knife to make a marble pattern. Allow candy to set until it begins to firm up but is not solidified, about 45 minutes. Cut into squares.]
[Place garlic in a food processor and chop thoroughly. Add garbanzo beans and blend into a paste. Pour in 1 cup olive oil, tahini, lemon juice, and salt. Blend until smooth and creamy. Place hummus in a bowl and top with 1/4 cup olive oil.]
[In a medium bowl, stir together the tuna, mayonnaise, Parmesan cheese, and onion flakes. Season with curry powder, parsley, dill and garlic powder. Mix well and serve with crackers or on a sandwich.]
[In a large bowl, dissolve sugar in warm water. Sprinkle yeast over the top, and let stand for about 10 minutes, until foamy. Stir the olive oil and salt into the yeast mixture, then mix in the whole wheat flour and 1 cup of the all-purpose flour until dough starts to come together. Tip dough out onto a surface floured with the remaining all-purpose flour, and knead until all of the flour has been absorbed, and the ball of dough becomes smooth, about 10 minutes. Place dough in an oiled bowl, and turn to coat the surface. Cover loosely with a towel, and let stand in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour. When the dough is doubled, tip the dough out onto a lightly floured surface, and divide into 2 pieces for 2 thin crust, or leave whole to make one thick crust. Form into a tight ball. Let rise for about 45 minutes, until doubled. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Roll a ball of dough with a rolling pin until it will not stretch any further. Then, drape it over both of your fists, and gently pull the edges outward, while rotating the crust. When the circle has reached the desired size, place on a well oiled pizza pan. Top pizza with your favorite toppings, such as sauce, cheese, meats, or vegetables. Bake for 16 to 20 minutes (depending on thickness) in the preheated oven, until the crust is crisp and golden at the edges, and cheese is melted on the top.]
[Combine egg yolks and sugar in the top of a double boiler, over boiling water. Reduce heat to low, and cook for about 10 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and whip yolks until thick and lemon colored. Add mascarpone to whipped yolks. Beat until combined. In a separate bowl, whip cream to stiff peaks. Gently fold into yolk mixture and set aside. Split the lady fingers in half, and line the bottom and sides of a large glass bowl. Brush with coffee liqueur. Spoon half of the cream filling over the lady fingers. Repeat ladyfingers,  coffee liqueur and filling layers. Garnish with cocoa and chocolate curls. Refrigerate several hours or overnight. To make the chocolate curls, use a vegetable peeler and run it down the edge of the chocolate bar.]
[In a large bowl, combine 2 cups flour, yeast and salt. Stir in 2 cups warm water, and beat until well blended using a stand mixer with a dough hook attachment. Using a wooden spoon, stir in as much of the remaining flour as you can. On a lightly floured surface, knead in enough flour to make a stiff dough that is smooth and elastic. Knead for about 8 to 10 minutes total. Shape into a ball.  Place dough in a greased bowl, and turn once. Cover, and let rise in a warm place until doubled. Punch dough down, and divide in half. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface.  Cover, and let rest for 10 minutes. Roll each half into large rectangle. Roll up, starting from a long side. Moisten edge with water and seal. Taper ends. Grease a large baking sheet. Sprinkle with cornmeal. Place loaves, seam side down, on the prepared baking sheet. Lightly beat the egg white with 1 tablespoon of water, and brush on. Cover with a damp cloth. Let rise until nearly doubled, 35 to 40 minutes. With a very sharp knife, make 3 or 4 diagonal cuts about 1/4 inch deep across top of each loaf. Bake in a preheated 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) oven for 20 minutes. Brush again with egg white mixture. Bake for an additional 15 to 20 minutes, or until bread tests done. If necessary, cover loosely with  foil to prevent over browning. Remove from baking sheet, and cool on a wire rack.]
[Rinse the turkey breast and pat dry. Cut off any excess skin, but leave the skin covering the breast. Rub onion soup mix all over outside of the turkey and under the skin. Place in a slow cooker. Cover, and cook on High for 1 hour, then set to Low, and cook for 7 hours.]
[Place the butter and peanut butter into a medium bowl, and beat with an electric mixer. Gradually mix in the sugar, and when it starts to get thick, incorporate milk one tablespoon at a time until all of the sugar is mixed in and the frosting is thick and spreadable. Beat for at least 3 minutes for it to get good and fluffy.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place unthawed pie crust on a baking sheet. In a medium bowl, mix the bacon, onions, and both cheeses. Pour this mixture into the crust. Mix the eggs and half and half in a bowl. Pour the egg mixture over the cheese mixture. Bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and bake for an additional 35 minutes, until top of quiche begins to turn brown.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Coat muffin pans with non-stick spray, or use paper liners. Sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt; set aside. Combine bananas, sugar, egg, and melted butter in a large bowl. Fold in flour mixture, and mix until smooth. Scoop into muffin pans. Bake in preheated oven. Bake mini muffins for 10 to 15 minutes, and large muffins for 25 to 30 minutes. Muffins will spring back when lightly tapped.]
[Preheat oven to 325 degrees F ( 165 degrees C). Grease and flour two 8x4 inch loaf pans. In a large bowl, beat eggs until light and frothy. Mix in oil and sugar. Stir in zucchini and vanilla. Combine flour, cinnamon, soda, baking powder, salt and nuts; stir into the egg mixture. Divide batter into prepared pans. Bake for 60 to 70 minutes, or until done.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a medium bowl, cream together the butter, shortening and sugar. Stir in the eggs and vanilla. Combine the flour, baking powder and salt, stir into the creamed mixture until dough comes together. Roll dough into walnut sized balls and roll the balls in sugar. Place them on an unprepared cookie sheet about 2 inches apart. Bake cookies 10 to 12 minutes in the preheated oven, until bottom is light brown. Remove from baking sheets to cool on wire racks.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C).        Watch Now, Combine ingredients and drop by teaspoonfuls on cookie sheet.  Bake for 8 minutes.  Let cool.   Recipe doesn't make very many, so you could double recipe as you desire.        Watch Now]
[Melt butter or margarine in a saucepan over medium heat. Add heavy cream, stirring constantly.  Stir in salt, nutmeg, grated Parmesan cheese, and grated Romano cheese. Stir constantly until melted, then mix in egg yolk.  Simmer over medium low heat for 3 to 5 minutes.  Garnish with additional grated Parmesan cheese, if desired.]
[In a large skillet over medium heat, cook beef until brown. Drain. In another skillet over medium heat, cook onion until translucent.  Combine beef and onion in a large saucepan with tomato paste, crushed tomatoes, water, oregano, garlic powder, salt, pepper and sugar. Cook over medium heat until mixture comes to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer 1 hour. While sauce is simmering, blend cottage cheese, Parmesan and egg until smooth. Set aside. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spread 1 cup of sauce in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish. Cover sauce with 3 noodles.  Cover noodles with one-third of remaining sauce. Top with half the mozzarella. Place another layer of noodles and one of sauce over the mozzarella; top that with the cottage cheese mixture. Top with remaining 3 noodles and remaining sauce. Bake in preheated oven 30 minutes. Sprinkle remaining mozzarella on top and bake 15 minutes more, until golden and bubbly.]
[In a large pot or dutch oven, cook beef in oil over medium heat until brown. Dissolve bouillon in water and pour into pot. Stir in rosemary, parsley and pepper. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat, cover and simmer 1 hour. Stir potatoes, carrots, celery, and onion into the pot. Dissolve cornstarch in 2 teaspoons cold water and stir into stew. Cover and simmer 1 hour more.]
[Place diced bacon in large stock pot over medium-high heat. Cook until almost crisp; add onions, and cook 5 minutes. Stir in water and potatoes, and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, and cook uncovered for 15 minutes, or until potatoes are fork tender. Pour in half-and-half, and add butter. Drain clams, reserving clam liquid; stir clams and 1/2 of the clam liquid into the soup. Cook for about 5 minutes, or until heated through. Do not allow to boil.]
[Combine the cocoa, sugar and pinch of salt in a saucepan.  Blend in the boiling water.  Bring this mixture to an easy boil while you stir.  Simmer and stir for about 2 minutes.  Watch that it doesn't scorch.  Stir in 3 1/2 cups of milk and heat until very hot, but do not boil!  Remove from heat and add vanilla.  Divide between 4 mugs. Add the cream to the mugs of cocoa to cool it to drinking temperature.]
[To Make Hollandaise: Fill the bottom of a double boiler part-way with water. Make sure that water does not touch the top pan. Bring water to a gentle simmer. In the top of the double boiler, whisk together egg yolks, lemon juice, white pepper, Worcestershire sauce, and 1 tablespoon water. Add the melted butter to egg yolk mixture 1 or 2 tablespoons at a time while whisking yolks constantly. If hollandaise begins to get too thick, add a teaspoon or two of hot water. Continue whisking until all butter is incorporated. Whisk in salt, then remove from heat. Place a lid on pan to keep sauce warm. Preheat oven on broiler setting. To Poach Eggs: Fill a large saucepan with 3 inches of water. Bring water to a gentle simmer, then add vinegar. Carefully break eggs into simmering water, and allow to cook for 2 1/2 to 3 minutes. Yolks should still be soft in center. Remove eggs from water with a slotted spoon and set on a warm plate While eggs are poaching, brown the bacon in a medium skillet over medium-high heat and toast the English muffins on a baking sheet under the broiler. Spread toasted muffins with softened butter, and top each one with a slice of bacon, followed by one poached egg. Place 2 muffins on each plate and drizzle with hollandaise sauce. Sprinkle with chopped chives and serve immediately.]
[Peel and mash avocados in a medium serving bowl. Stir in onion, garlic, tomato, lime juice, salt and pepper.  Season with remaining lime juice and salt and pepper to taste. Chill for half an hour to blend flavors.]
[Bring the sugar, water, and strawberry flavored gelatin to a boil in a large saucepan; boil for 3 minutes. Stir in the pineapple juice, lemon juice, and orange juice. Divide mixture into 2 separate containers and freeze. Combine the contents of 1 container with 1 bottle of the lemon-lime flavored carbonated beverage in a punch bowl; stir until slushy. Repeat with remaining portions as needed.]
[In a stockpot, over medium heat, combine the tomatoes, onion, cloves and chicken broth. Bring to a boil, and gently boil for about 20 minutes to blend all of the flavors. Remove from heat and run the mixture through a food mill into a large bowl, or pan. Discard any stuff left over in the food mill. In the now empty stockpot, melt the butter over medium heat. Stir in the flour to make a roux, cooking until the roux is a medium brown. Gradually whisk in a bit of the tomato mixture, so that no lumps form, then stir in the rest. Season with sugar and salt, and adjust to taste.]
[Place 2 sprigs fresh thyme in a cocktail shaker. Add bourbon, Dijon mustard, apple cider, lemon juice, and simple syrup. Fill with ice, cover and shake until chilled. Strain into a large mug or mason jar filled with ice. Garnish with a sprig of fresh thyme.]
[Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Cook and stir leeks until soft, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove to a plate and allow to cool. Place cucumbers in a blender with grapes, almonds, 1 tablespoon olive oil, salt, creme fraiche, bread cubes, vinegar, cooled leeks, and water. Puree until smooth, about 1 minute. Strain through a fine mesh sieve. Cover and chill for 1 to 2 hours. Taste and season with salt and cayenne pepper. If needed, add some more vinegar. Serve garnished with dill oil (see note), thinly sliced grapes, slivered almonds, and fresh dill.]
[In a saucepan, combine rice and water. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer for 20 minutes. In a small saucepan, boil carrots in water about 3 to 5 minutes. Drop peas into boiling water, and drain. Heat wok over high heat. Pour in oil, then stir in carrots and peas; cook about 30 seconds. Crack in eggs, stirring quickly to scramble eggs with vegetables. Stir in cooked rice. Shake in soy sauce, and toss rice to coat. Drizzle with sesame oil, and toss again.]
[Arrange half of strawberries in baked pastry shell. Mash remaining berries and combine with sugar in a medium saucepan. Place saucepan over medium heat and bring to a boil, stirring frequently. In a small bowl, whisk together cornstarch and water. Gradually stir cornstarch mixture into boiling strawberry mixture. Reduce heat and simmer mixture until thickened, about 10 minutes, stirring constantly. Pour mixture over berries in pastry shell. Chill for several hours before serving. In a small bowl, whip cream until soft peaks form. Serve each slice of pie with a dollop of whipped cream.]
[Pat the fish dry and cut 3 small slits on each side of the fish. Season both sides with salt and pepper. Heat 1 quart oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat until smoking. Carefully place the fish in the pan and fry until browned and crisp, about 5 minutes per side. Remove fish and place on a paper towel-lined plate. Heat 1 teaspoon oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Stir onion, garlic and carrot into the pan; cook and stir 1 to 2 minutes. Add thyme, allspice, habanero pepper, vinegar, water, salt, and sugar and continue cooking until onions have softened and liquid has reduced, about 5 minutes. Serve fish topped with onion mixture spooned over the top.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking pan. Mix oats, sunflower seeds, wheat germ, sesame seeds, and salt in a large bowl. Set aside. Combine vanilla extract, peanut butter, and honey in a separate bowl until they are well mixed. Add peanut butter mixture to oat mixture and stir until dough begins to thicken and dry ingredients are incorporated. Add chopped fruit, walnuts, and chocolate chips. Continue to stir until the dough sticks together in big stiff lumps and is uniformly mixed. Pour dough into the prepared baking pan. Firmly press dough into the pan until it is compact and uniformly spread. Bake in the preheated oven until the top is golden brown, about 20 minutes. Let cool completely before cutting and serving.]
[Rinse quinoa in cold water for about 1 minute and drain well. Place in a saucepan and cover with 1 1/2 cup cold water and salt. Bring to a boil and reduce heat to low. Simmer, covered, until quinoa is tender, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit for 5 minutes. Fluff quinoa with a fork and set aside. Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir ham, red bell pepper, and the white parts of the green onion until the ham begins to brown, about 5 minutes. Set chopped green onion tops aside. Add garlic, remove from heat, and stir until garlic becomes aromatic, 1 or 2 minutes. Stir in quinoa and return to stove over medium-low heat. Cook and stir until warmed through, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat and add vinegar, soy sauce, chile-garlic sauce, and sesame seeds. Garnish with reserved green onion tops.]
[Combine flour, white sugar, baking powder and salt. In a separate bowl, mix together egg, milk, vegetable oil and bananas. Stir flour mixture into banana mixture; batter will be slightly lumpy. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake. Cook until pancakes are golden brown on both sides; serve hot.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).        Watch Now, Spread the coconut on a baking sheet and bake it, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 5 minutes.        Watch Now, In a medium saucepan, combine the half-and-half, eggs, sugar, flour and salt and mix well. Bring to a boil over low heat, stirring constantly. Cook, stirring constantly, for 2 minutes more. Remove the pan from the heat, and stir in 3/4 cup of the toasted coconut and the vanilla extract. Reserve the remaining coconut to top the pie.        Watch Now, Pour the filling into the pie shell and chill until firm, about 4 hours.        Watch Now, Top with whipped topping and with the reserved coconut.        Watch Now]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add macaroni pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain. In a 3 quart saucepan over medium heat, melt butter and stir in flour. Cook for about 1 minute, until smooth and bubbly; stirring occasionally. Mix in milk, cream cheese, salt, pepper, and Dijon mustard. Continue cooking until sauce is thickened. Add cooked macaroni and Cheddar cheese. Pour into 2 quart casserole dish. In small bowl mix together bread crumbs, butter and parsley; spread over macaroni and cheese. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until golden brown and heated through.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9 inch pie pan.        Watch Now, Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until onions are soft. Stir in spinach and continue cooking until excess moisture has evaporated.        Watch Now, In a large bowl, combine eggs, cheese, salt and pepper. Add spinach mixture and stir to blend. Scoop into prepared pie pan.        Watch Now, Bake in preheated oven until eggs have set, about 30 minutes. Let cool for 10 minutes before serving.        Watch Now]
[Whisk together the flour, baking soda, and sea salt; set aside. Beat the butter, white sugar, and brown sugar with an electric mixer in a large bowl until smooth. Add 1 egg and the vanilla extract and beat until smooth. Mix in the flour mixture until just incorporated. Fold in the chocolate chips; mixing just enough to evenly combine. Form the dough into tablespoon-sized balls; place onto a baking sheet, and freeze until solid, about 2 hours. Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line 24 muffin cups with paper liners. Beat 3 eggs in a large bowl with an electric mixer to break up. Add the cake mix, water, and canola oil; continue beating for 2 minutes on medium speed. Spoon into the prepared cupcake liners, filling each 2/3 full. Place a frozen cookie dough ball on the top center of each cupcake. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the cake portion of the cupcake (not the cookie dough ball) comes clean, about 20 minutes. Cool in the pans for 10 minutes before removing to cool completely on a wire rack.]
[Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Cut potato into thick wedges. Mix olive oil, paprika, garlic powder, chili powder and onion powder together. Coat potatoes with oil-spice mixture and place on a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven, turning once or twice, until golden brown and crispy, about 45 minutes.]
[Rinse beans, and then soak in a large pot of water overnight. In a skillet, heat oil over medium heat. Cook onion, bell pepper, garlic, and celery in olive oil for 3 to 4 minutes. Rinse beans, and transfer to a large pot with 6 cups water. Stir cooked vegetables into beans. Season with bay leaves, cayenne pepper, thyme, sage, parsley, and Cajun seasoning. Bring to a boil, and then reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer for 2 1/2 hours. Stir sausage into beans, and continue to simmer for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare the rice. In a saucepan, bring water and rice to a boil. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer for 20 minutes. Serve beans over steamed white rice.]
[In a large bowl, dissolve the sugar in warm water, and then stir in yeast. Allow to proof until yeast resembles a creamy foam. Mix salt and oil into the yeast. Mix in flour one cup at a time. Knead dough on a lightly floured surface until smooth. Place in a well oiled bowl, and turn dough to coat. Cover with a damp cloth. Allow to rise until doubled in bulk, about 1 hour. Punch dough down. Knead for a few minutes, and divide in half. Shape into loaves, and place into two well oiled 9x5 inch loaf pans. Allow to rise for 30 minutes, or until dough has risen 1 inch above pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes.]
[Melt butter or margarine in a 4 quart saucepan.  Stir in sugar.  Cook onions over medium heat for 10 minutes, or until golden brown. Stir in flour until well blended with the onions and pan juices.  Add water, wine, and beef broth; heat to boiling.  Reduce heat to low.  Cover soup, and simmer for 10 minutes. Cut four 1 inch thick slices of bread from the loaf.  Toast the bread slices at  325 degrees F (165 degrees C)  just until browned, about 10 minutes.  Reserve the remaining bread to serve with the soup. Ladle soup into four 12 ounce, oven-safe bowls.  Place 1 slice toasted bread on top of the soup in each bowl.  Fold Swiss cheese slices, and fit onto toasted bread slices.  Place soup bowls on a cookie sheet for easier handling. Bake at  425 degrees F (220 degrees C) for 10 minutes, or just until cheese is melted]
[Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Pour butter into a 9x13 inch baking pan. Stir together egg, milk and pepper. Dip pork chops in egg mixture, coat with stuffing mix and place in pan. Bake in preheated oven for 10 minutes. Turn chops and bake for another 10 minutes, or until no pink remains in the meat and juices run clear.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).        Watch Now, In a large bowl, combine onions, ketchup, water, salt, Worcestershire sauce, vinegar, brown sugar, and mustard. Split ribs down the center between the bones.        Watch Now, Heat a large lightly oiled skillet over medium-high heat. Add ribs and sear until browned. This may have to be done in several batches.        Watch Now, Place ribs in a single layer in two baking pans or casserole dishes. Pour half of the sauce over the ribs, reserve remainder.        Watch Now, Bake ribs in preheated oven for 3 hours. Turn and baste meat every twenty minutes with remaining sauce, using all sauce by two hours.  Continue turning and basting ribs using sauce in the pan during the last hour of baking.        Watch Now]
[In a small bowl, mix the paprika, kosher salt, garlic powder, black pepper, onion powder, cayenne pepper, oregano, and thyme. Stir in the olive oil, and allow the mixture to sit about 15 minutes. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Place the roast on the prepared baking sheet, and cover on all sides with the spice mixture. Roast 1 hour in the preheated oven, or to a minimum internal temperature of 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Let sit 15 minutes before slicing.]
[Allow roast to stand at room temperature for at least 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Combine the salt, pepper and garlic powder in a small cup. Place the roast on a rack in a roasting pan so that the fatty side is up and the rib side is on the bottom. Rub the seasoning onto the roast. Roast for 1 hour in the preheated oven. Turn the oven off and leave the roast inside. Do not open the door. Leave it in there for 3 hours. 30 to 40 minutes before serving, turn the oven back on at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) to reheat the roast. The internal temperature should be at least 145 degrees F (62 degrees C). Remove from the oven and let rest for 10 minutes before carving into servings.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Pour melted butter into a 2 quart oval casserole dish. Distribute butter and scallops evenly inside the dish. Combine the bread crumbs, onion powder, garlic powder, paprika, parsley, minced garlic and Parmesan cheese. Sprinkle this mixture over the scallops. Bake in pre-heated oven until scallops are firm, about 20 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Place butter cubes in the freezer for 15 minutes. Whisk together flour, sugar, salt, and baking powder in a large bowl. Sprinkle in Chinese five-spice powder. Cut in frozen butter using a pastry cutter until the butter pieces are about the size of peas. Mix in egg yolk and continue cutting in until thoroughly combined. Drizzle in ice water and stir to combine. The dough should just come together when pinched between your fingers. Pour about 3/4 of the crumb mixture into an ungreased 9x9-inch baking dish. Press the mixture down firmly using the back of a spoon. Spread blueberries in one layer and sprinkle with remaining crumbly dough. Bake in the preheated oven until the top is golden and sides are crisp and browned, 30 to 35 minutes. Cool completely before serving.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x9 inch baking pan. In a medium bowl, mix together the oil, sugar, and vanilla. Beat in eggs. Combine flour, cocoa, baking powder, and salt; gradually stir into the egg mixture until well blended. Stir in walnuts, if desired. Spread the batter evenly into the prepared pan. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until the brownie begins to pull away from edges of pan.  Let cool on a wire rack before cutting into squares.]
[Over medium-low heat melt butter in a large stockpot, add onions, garlic and parsley. Cook slowly, stirring occasionally until onions are soft. Add tomatoes to the pot (break them into chunks as you add them). Add chicken broth, bay leaves, basil, thyme, oregano, water and wine. Mix well. Cover and simmer 30 minutes. Stir in the shrimp, scallops, clams, mussels and crabmeat. Stir in fish, if desired. Bring to boil. Lower heat, cover and simmer 5 to 7 minutes until clams open. Ladle soup into bowls and serve with warm, crusty bread!]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain. In a large bowl, mix eggs, ricotta, half the mozzarella, half the Parmesan, parsley, salt and pepper until well combined. Stuff cooked shells with ricotta mixture and place in a 9x13 inch baking dish. In a medium bowl, stir together pasta sauce, mushrooms and reserved mozzarella and Parmesan. Pour over stuffed shells. Bake in preheated oven 45 to 60 minutes, until edges are bubbly and shells are slightly set.]
[Sprinkle both sides of the eggplant slices with salt. Place slices in a colander, and place a dish underneath the colander to capture liquid that will sweat out of the eggplant. Allow to sit for 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a medium bowl, mix the ricotta, mozzarella cheese and 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese. Mix in egg and basil. Rinse the eggplant in cold water until all salt is removed. In a large skillet, heat 4 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat. Place one layer of eggplant in the pan, brown each side. Repeat with remaining eggplant slices, using additional oil if necessary. In a 9x13 inch baking dish, evenly spread 1 1/2 cups of spaghetti sauce. Arrange a single layer of  eggplant slices on top of the sauce. Top the eggplant with 1/2 of the cheese mixture. Repeat layering process until all the eggplant and cheese mixture is used. Pour remaining sauce on top of layers, and sprinkle with remaining Parmesan cheese. Bake 30 to 45 minutes in the preheated oven, until sauce is bubbly.]
[Drain juice from clams into a large skillet over the onions, celery, potatoes and carrots. Add water to cover, and cook over medium heat until tender. Meanwhile, in a large, heavy saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Whisk in flour until smooth. Whisk in cream and stir constantly until thick and smooth. Stir in vegetables and clam juice. Heat through, but do not boil. Stir in clams just before serving. If they cook too much they get tough. When clams are heated through, stir in vinegar, and season with salt and pepper.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Arrange the asparagus on a baking sheet. Coat with cooking spray, and season with salt and pepper. Bake asparagus 12 minutes in the preheated oven, or until tender. Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Remove from heat, and stir in soy sauce and balsamic vinegar. Pour over the baked asparagus to serve.]
[Bake cake according to package directions for a 9x13 inch pan; cool on wire rack for 5 minutes. Make slits across the top of the cake, making sure not to go through to the bottom. In a saucepan over low heat, combine sweetened condensed milk and caramel topping, stirring until smooth and blended.  Slowly pour the warm topping mixture over the top of the warm cake, letting it sink into the slits; then sprinkle the crushed chocolate toffee bars liberally across the entire cake while still warm. (Hint: I crush my candy bars into small chunks as opposed to crumbs - I like to have pieces I can chew on!) Let cake cool completely, then top with whipped topping. Decorate the top of the cake with some more chocolate toffee bar chunks and swirls of caramel topping. Refrigerate and serve right from the pan!]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease a 9x13 inch baking dish. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add potatoes and boil until slightly underdone, about 15 minutes.  Drain, cool and peel. In a large saucepan over medium heat, combine margarine, brown sugar, 2 cups marshmallows, cinnamon and nutmeg. Cook, stirring occasionally, until marshmallows are melted. Stir potatoes into marshmallow sauce. While stirring mash about half of the potatoes, and break the others into bite-sized chunks. Transfer to prepared dish. Bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes. Remove from oven and cover top evenly with remaining marshmallows. Return to oven and bake until marshmallows are golden brown.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x13 inch jelly roll pan or cookie sheet. In a large bowl, mix together flour, sugar, baking soda, and pumpkin pie spice. Stir in pumpkin puree, eggs, and lemon juice. Pour mixture into prepared pan. Spread the mixture evenly. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 15 minutes. Lay a damp linen towel on the counter, sprinkle it with confectioner's sugar, and turn the cake onto the towel. Carefully roll the towel up (lengthwise) with the cake in it.  Place the cake-in-towel on a cooling rack and let it cool for 20 minutes. Make the icing: In a medium bowl, blend cream cheese, butter, vanilla, and sugar with a wooden spoon or electric mixer. When the cake has cooled 20 minutes, unroll it and spread icing onto it.  Immediately re-roll (not in the towel this time), and wrap it with plastic wrap.  Keep the cake refrigerated or freeze it for up to 2 weeks in aluminum foil.  Cut the cake  in slices just before serving.]
[In a food processor or blender, combine yogurt, cucumber, olive oil, lemon juice, salt, pepper, dill and garlic.  Process until well-combined.  Transfer to a separate dish, cover and refrigerate for at least one hour for best flavor.]
[Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13 inch baking dish. Cut each apple into 8 wedges and set aside. Separate the crescent roll dough into triangles. Roll each apple wedge in crescent roll dough starting at the smallest end. Pinch to seal and place in the baking dish. Melt butter in a small saucepan and stir in the sugar and cinnamon. Pour over the apple dumplings. Pour Mountain Dew(TM) over the dumplings. Bake for 35 to 45 minutes in the preheated oven, or until golden brown.]
[In a small bowl, combine tomato paste, water, Parmesan cheese, garlic, honey, anchovy paste, onion powder, oregano, marjoram, basil, ground black pepper, cayenne pepper, red pepper flakes and salt; mix together, breaking up any clumps of cheese. Sauce should sit for 30 minutes to blend flavors; spread over pizza dough and prepare pizza as desired.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Lightly grease a 10 inch quiche dish. In a large bowl, beat together milk, eggs, baking mix, butter and parmesan cheese. Batter will be lumpy. Stir in broccoli, ham and Cheddar cheese. Pour into prepared quiche dish. Bake in preheated oven for 50 minutes, until eggs are set and top is golden brown.]
[Thinly slice the lemons and the oranges and place in a large punch bowl. Pour in the thawed lemonade. Gently stir in the club soda and the sparkling apple cider. Add sugar to taste. Add ice.]
[Beat together egg, milk, salt, desired spices and vanilla. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or skillet over medium-high heat. Dunk each slice of bread in egg mixture, soaking both sides.  Place in pan, and cook on both sides until golden.  Serve hot.]
[Place water, milk, egg, 1/3 cup butter, sugar, salt, flour and yeast in the pan of the bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer. Select Dough/Knead and First Rise Cycle; press Start. When cycle finishes, turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Divide dough in half. Roll each half into a 12 inch circle, spread 1/4 cup softened butter over entire round. Cut each circle into 8 wedges. Roll wedges starting at wide end; roll gently but tightly. Place point side down on ungreased cookie sheet. Cover with clean kitchen towel and put in a warm place, let rise 1 hour. Meanwhile, preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Bake in preheated oven for 10 to 15 minutes, until golden.]
[Fill a pint glass or goblet with 1 1/2 cups ice. Set aside. Combine tomato juice, vodka, lemon juice, hot pepper sauce, Worcestershire sauce, salt, black pepper, and 1 cup ice in a mixing glass. Stir until chilled and strain into ice-filled pint glass or goblet. Garnish with a celery stalk.]
[Pour can of beef broth into slow cooker, and add boneless pork ribs. Cook on High heat for 4 hours, or until meat shreds easily. Remove meat, and shred with two forks. It will seem that it's not working right away, but it will. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Transfer the shredded pork to a Dutch oven or iron skillet, and stir in barbeque sauce. Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes, or until heated through.]
[Heat a large stock pot over medium-high heat. Crumble the ground chuck and sausage into the hot pan, and cook until evenly browned. Drain off excess grease. Pour in the chili beans, spicy chili beans, diced tomatoes and tomato paste. Add the onion, celery, green and red bell peppers, chile peppers, bacon bits, bouillon, and beer. Season with chili powder, Worcestershire sauce, garlic, oregano, cumin, hot pepper sauce, basil, salt, pepper, cayenne, paprika, and sugar. Stir to blend, then cover and simmer over low heat for at least 2 hours, stirring occasionally. After 2 hours, taste, and adjust salt, pepper, and chili powder if necessary. The longer the chili simmers, the better it will taste. Remove from heat and serve, or refrigerate, and serve the next day. To serve, ladle into bowls, and top with corn chips and shredded Cheddar cheese.]
[Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil grate. Peel back corn husks and remove silk. Place 1 tablespoon butter, salt and pepper on each piece of corn. Close husks. Wrap each ear of corn tightly in aluminum foil. Place on the prepared grill. Cook approximately 30 minutes, turning occasionally, until corn is tender.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Lightly grease 10 muffin cups, or line with muffin papers. In a large bowl, mix together 1 1/2 cups flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt. In another bowl, beat together bananas, sugar, egg and melted butter. Stir the banana mixture into the flour mixture just until moistened. Spoon batter into prepared muffin cups. In a small bowl, mix together brown sugar, 2 tablespoons flour and cinnamon. Cut in 1 tablespoon butter until mixture resembles coarse cornmeal. Sprinkle topping over muffins. Bake in preheated oven for 18 to 20 minutes, until a toothpick inserted into center of a muffin comes out clean.]
[In a large saucepan, saute onions in margarine until tender. Add squash, water, bouillon, marjoram, black pepper and cayenne pepper. Bring to boil; cook 20 minutes, or until squash is tender. Puree squash and cream cheese in a blender or food processor in batches until smooth. Return to saucepan, and heat through. Do not allow to boil.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Coat the bottom of a glass or non-stick baking dish with olive oil, just enough to coat. Wash and peel the sweet potatoes. Cut them into medium size pieces. Place the cut sweet potatoes in the baking dish and turn them so that they are coated with the olive oil. Sprinkle moderately with oregano, and salt and pepper (to taste). Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 60 minutes or until soft.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place sweet potatoes in a medium baking dish. Distribute butter pieces evenly over the sweet potatoes. Sprinkle with brown sugar. Layer with miniature marshmallows. Bake in the preheated oven 25 minutes, or until sweet potatoes are tender and marshmallows have melted.]
[Melt butter or margarine in a skillet over medium heat. Cook onion, celery, mushroom, and parsley in butter, stirring frequently. Spoon cooked vegetables over bread cubes in a very large mixing bowl. Season with poultry seasoning, sage, thyme, marjoram, and salt and pepper. Pour in enough broth to moisten, and mix in eggs. Transfer mixture to slow cooker, and cover. Cook on High for 45 minutes, then reduce heat to Low, and cook for 4 to 8 hours.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a baking dish. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add spaghetti, and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente. Drain, and place in the prepared baking dish. Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Stir in flour. Mix in chicken broth and milk. Cook and stir until the mixture comes to a boil. Stir in about 1 1/3 cups Parmesan cheese, and remove from heat. Mix chicken broth mixture and turkey with spaghetti. Top with remaining cheese. Bake 1 hour in the preheated oven, until surface is lightly browned.]
[Preheat oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Grease one baking sheet. In a mixing bowl, whip together the egg white and water until frothy. In a separate bowl, mix together sugar, salt, and cinnamon. Add pecans to egg whites, stir to coat the nuts evenly. Remove the nuts, and toss them in the sugar mixture until coated. Spread the nuts out on the prepared baking sheet. Bake at 250 degrees F (120 degrees C) for 1 hour. Stir every 15 minutes.]
[In a bowl, mix together the milk, pumpkin, egg, oil and vinegar. Combine the  flour, brown sugar, baking powder, baking soda, allspice, cinnamon, ginger and salt in a separate bowl. Stir into the pumpkin mixture just enough to combine. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake. Brown on both sides and serve hot.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Combine flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg, ground cloves, and salt; set aside. In a medium bowl, cream together the 1/2 cup of  butter and white sugar. Add pumpkin, egg, and 1 teaspoon vanilla to butter mixture, and beat until creamy. Mix in dry ingredients. Drop on cookie sheet by tablespoonfuls; flatten slightly. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes in the preheated oven. Cool cookies, then drizzle glaze with fork. To Make Glaze: Combine confectioners' sugar, milk, 1 tablespoon melted butter, and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Add milk as needed, to achieve drizzling consistency.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place squash and onion in a large skillet over medium heat. Pour in a small amount of water. Cover, and cook until squash is tender, about 5 minutes. Drain well, and place in a large bowl. In a medium bowl, mix together cracker crumbs and cheese. Stir half of the cracker mixture into the cooked squash and onions. In a small bowl, mix together eggs and milk, then add to squash mixture. Stir in 1/4 cup melted butter, and season with salt and pepper. Spread into a 9x13 inch baking dish. Sprinkle with remaining cracker mixture, and dot with 2 tablespoons butter. Bake in preheated oven for 25 minutes, or until lightly browned.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x13 inch square baking dish. Place sausage in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium-high heat until evenly brown. Drain, crumble, and set aside. In the prepared baking dish, stir together the shredded potatoes and butter. Line the bottom and sides of the baking dish with the mixture. In a bowl, mix the sausage, Cheddar cheese, onion, cottage cheese, and eggs. Pour over the potato mixture. Bake 1 hour in the preheated oven, or until a toothpick inserted into center of the casserole comes out clean. Let cool for 5 minutes before serving.]
[Pour the vegetable oil into the bottom of a slow cooker. Place the pork roast into the slow cooker; pour in the barbecue sauce, apple cider vinegar, and chicken broth. Stir in the brown sugar, yellow mustard, Worcestershire sauce, chili powder, onion, garlic, and thyme. Cover and cook on High until the roast shreds easily with a fork, 5 to 6 hours. Remove the roast from the slow cooker, and shred the meat using two forks. Return the shredded pork to the slow cooker, and stir the meat into the juices. Spread the inside of both halves of hamburger buns with butter. Toast the buns, butter side down, in a skillet over medium heat until golden brown. Spoon pork into the toasted buns.]
[In a saucepan, combine the sugar, flour, and salt.  Add milk in gradually while stirring gently.  Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture is bubbly.  Keep stirring and cook for about 2 more minutes, and then remove from the burner. Stir a small quantity of the hot mixture into the beaten egg yolks, and immediately add egg yolk mixture to the rest of the hot mixture.  Cook for 2 more minutes; remember to keep stirring.  Remove the mixture from the stove, and add butter and vanilla.  Stir until the whole thing has a smooth consistency. Slice bananas into the cooled baked pastry shell.  Top with pudding mixture. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 12 to 15 minutes.  Chill for an hour.]
[Place meat in a large plastic bag. Combine 1/4 cup flour with 1/2 teaspoon salt; pour into the bag with the meat, and shake to coat. Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add stew meat, and cook until evenly browned on the outside. Transfer to a slow cooker along with the carrots, potatoes, parsley, and pepper. In a small bowl, stir together 2 cups of boiling water and dry soup mix; pour into the slow cooker. In the same skillet, melt butter and saute onions until softened; remove to the slow cooker. Pour red wine into the skillet, and stir to loosen browned bits of food on the bottom. Remove from heat, and pour into the slow cooker. Cover, and cook on High for 30 minutes. Reduce heat to Low, and cook for 6 hours, or until meat is fork tender. In a small bowl or cup, mix together 2 tablespoons flour with 1/4 cup warm water. Stir into stew, and cook uncovered for 15 minutes, or until thickened.]
[Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes. Drain and set in the refrigerator to cool. Place eggs in a saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring water to a boil and immediately remove from heat. Cover and let eggs stand in hot water for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from hot water, cool, peel and chop. Place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown. Drain, crumble and set aside. Chop the cooled potatoes, leaving skin on. Add to a large bowl, along with the eggs, bacon, onion and celery. Add mayonnaise, salt and pepper to taste. Chill for an hour before serving.]
[In the pan of your bread machine, combine water, 1/4 cup melted butter, vanilla pudding, 1 cup warm milk, egg, 1 tablespoon sugar, salt, bread flour, and yeast. Set machine to Dough cycle; press Start. When Dough cycle has finished, turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and roll into a 17x10 inch rectangle. Spread with 1/2 cup softened butter. In a small bowl, stir together brown sugar, cinnamon, and pecans. Sprinkle brown sugar mixture over dough. Butter a 9x13-inch baking pan. Roll up dough, beginning with long side. Slice into 16 one-inch slices; place in prepared pan. Let rolls rise in a warm place until doubled, about 45 minutes. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bake rolls in preheated oven until browned, 15 to 20 minutes. Stir together cream cheese, 1/4 cup softened butter, confectioners' sugar, vanilla extract, and 1 1/2 teaspoons milk. Remove rolls from oven and let cool until warm; spread frosting over warm rolls.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In large skillet, cook hamburger until brown.  Mix spaghetti sauce into skillet.  Reduce heat and simmer. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Mix in pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain. Mix together spaghetti and meat mixture, pour into 9x13 pan.  Top with cheese and bake for 30 minutes, or until heated through and cheese is bubbly.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour an 8x12 inch pan. In a medium bowl, sift together flour, baking soda, salt and cinnamon. Set aside. In a large bowl, combine eggs, buttermilk, oil, sugar and vanilla. Mix well. Add flour mixture and mix well. In a medium bowl, combine shredded carrots, coconut, walnuts, pineapple and raisins. Using a large wooden spoon or a very heavy whisk, add carrot mixture to batter and fold in well. Pour into prepared 8x12 inch pan, and bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 hour. Check with toothpick. Allow to cool for at least 20 minutes before serving.]
[Combine raspberries, 1/3 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, water, and balsamic vinegar in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and cook until sugar dissolves and berries collapse, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat and strain into a bowl. Cool to room temperature, cover and refrigerate until thoroughly chilled. Combine 2 cups sugar, 2 cups water, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, and split vanilla bean in a large saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Place peach halves with cut sides up in the syrup and simmer until tender, 5 to 8 minutes per side, basting with the syrup occasionally. Remove from heat and allow to cool in the syrup. Transfer to a bowl, cover, and refrigerate until thoroughly chilled, about 4 hours. Remove peach skins and serve each peach half on top of a scoop of ice cream in a bowl. Spoon the raspberry sauce over the top. Garnish with toasted, slivered almonds.]
[Cook and stir olive oil and bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until bacon is fully cooked and begins to crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain off excess grease, leaving a teaspoon in the pan. Stir shallots and salt into the cooked bacon; cook and stir for 2 to 3 minutes over medium heat. Add garlic and cook for 1 minute. Stir in beans, chicken broth, and black pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, cover and simmer until the beans begin to swell, 20 to 25 minutes. Uncover and continue cooking bean and bacon mixture until the liquid reduces and beans are tender, 5 to 10 more minutes. Add rosemary, lemon zest, lemon juice, and cayenne pepper. Adjust levels of salt and black pepper. Remove from heat, stir in extra-virgin olive oil, hot chile paste, and fresh herbs.]
[Combine half the flour, yeast, and warm water in the bowl of a stand mixer. Cover and set aside at room temperature until doubled in size, about 30 minutes. Stir in 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and the other half of the flour into the flour-water mixture. Knead with the dough hook of the stand mixer until it forms into a smooth, elastic ball that pulls away from the sides, about 10 minutes. Flour your hands, remove the dough and gently form it into a ball. Place back in the bowl, cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Divide dough into 8 equally-sized pieces, about 3 ounces each. Form each piece into a ball and poke a hole in the center, stretching to create an open and even-sized hole. Place on a floured surface, sprinkle with additional flour, cover with plastic, and let rest for 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Sprinkle a baking sheet with cornmeal. Bring 4 cups water, 1 tablespoon salt, and 2 teaspoons honey to a boil in a wide, deep pan. Working in batches, boil 2 to 3 bagels for 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a wire rack to drain. Place bagels on the prepared baking sheet. Brush with beaten egg and sprinkle with sesame seeds. Bake in the preheated oven until golden and cooked inside, 25 to 30 minutes.]
[To make the frozen hand:  Wash and rinse the outside of a rubber glove. Turn glove inside out and set aside. In a 4 cup measuring cup, combine the thawed raspberries and cranberry juice. Pour 2 cups of the raspberry mixture into a small saucepan. Sprinkle the gelatin over and let stand 2 minutes. Warm over low heat, stirring constantly, just until gelatin dissolves. Mix back into the reserved raspberry mixture in the measuring cup. Pour raspberry mixture into the inverted glove. Gather up the top of the glove and tie securely with kitchen twine. Freeze until solid, or several days if possible. To serve:  Carefully cut glove away from frozen hand.  Place frozen hand, palm side up, leaning against side of a large punch bowl. Pour in ginger ale and sparkling cider. Garnish with gummy snakes.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place garlic in a small baking dish. Bake in the preheated oven 20 to 30  minutes, until soft. Remove from heat. When cool enough to touch, squeeze softened garlic from skins. In an 8x8 inch baking dish, spread the roasted garlic, spinach, artichoke hearts, Alfredo-style pasta sauce, mozzarella cheese, Parmesan cheese, and cream cheese. Bake in the preheated oven 30 minutes, or until cheeses are melted and bubbly. Serve warm.]
[Season the roast with salt and pepper to taste. Brown on all sides in a large skillet over high heat, about 4 minutes per side. Place the roast in the slow cooker and add the soup mix, water, carrots, onion, potatoes, and celery. Cover and cook on Low setting for 8 to 10 hours.]
[Rinse the beans, sorting out any broken or discolored ones. In a large pot over high heat, bring the water to a boil. Add the salt and the beans and remove from heat. Let beans sit in the hot water for at least 60 minutes. After the 60 minutes of soaking, return the pot to high heat and place the ham bone, carrots, celery, onion, garlic, mustard and bay leaves in the pot. Stir well, bring to a boil, reduce heat to low and simmer for 60 more minutes. Remove ham bone and discard. Stir in the chopped ham and simmer for 30 more minutes. Season with ground white pepper to taste.]
[Sift together the flour, baking powder, ginger, nutmeg, cloves, and cinnamon; set aside. In a medium bowl, mix together the shortening, molasses, brown sugar, water, egg, and vanilla until smooth. Gradually stir in the dry ingredients, until they are completely absorbed. Divide dough into 3 pieces, pat down to 1 1/2 inch thickness, wrap in plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 3 hours. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough out to 1/4 inch thickness. Cut into desired shapes with cookie cutters. Place cookies 1 inch apart onto an ungreased cookie sheet. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes in the preheated oven. When the cookies are done, they will look dry, but still be soft to the touch. Remove from the baking sheet to cool on wire racks. When cool, the cookies can be frosted with the icing of your choice.]
[Cook and drain pasta as directed on package; keep warm. Meanwhile, in 2-quart saucepan, heat cooking sauce to boiling, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat; stir in cheese until melted. Reserve 1 tablespoon of the bacon; set aside. Stir in pasta and remaining bacon. If necessary, cook over medium heat until thoroughly heated, stirring occasionally. Mix reserved bacon with bread crumbs; sprinkle over pasta.]
[Brown beef strips in 1 tablespoon oil in nonstick skillet; cook 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in cooking sauce and sour cream. Simmer 8 minutes or until sauce thickens, stirring occasionally. Serve over noodles.]
[Whisk yogurt, lemon juice, lemon zest, chile paste, garlic, rosemary, oregano, salt, black pepper, and cinnamon together in a small bowl. Transfer into a resealable plastic bag. Add the lamb chops, coat with the marinade, squeeze out excess air, and seal the bag. Marinate in the refrigerator for 4 hours. Preheat grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate. Remove lamb chops from from marinade and scrape off excess. Discard used marinade. Season chops with salt and black pepper. Place on the preheated grill and cook until browned and medium rare on the inside, 3 to 4 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 130 degrees F (54 degrees C).]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a medium skillet over medium high heat, cook the ground beef and onion until beef is evenly browned and onion is tender. Prepare the enchilada sauce according to package directions. Pour 1/4 cup of the sauce into the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish. On each flour tortilla, place an equal portion of the ground beef mixture and about 1 ounce of Cheddar cheese, reserving at least 1/2 cup of cheese. Then tightly roll the tortillas and place seam side down in the baking dish. Pour the remaining sauce over the top of the enchiladas and sprinkle with the remaining cheese and olives. Bake in a preheated oven for 20 minutes, or until the sauce is bubbly and cheese is thoroughly melted.]
[If grilling, preheat an outdoor grill for high heat, and lightly oil a sheet of aluminum foil. If baking, preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C), and lightly oil a baking sheet. In a medium bowl, mash black beans with a fork until thick and pasty. In a food processor, finely chop bell pepper, onion, and garlic. Then stir into mashed beans. In a small bowl, stir together egg, chili powder, cumin, and chili sauce. Stir the egg mixture into the mashed beans. Mix in bread crumbs until the mixture is sticky and holds together. Divide mixture into four patties. If grilling, place patties on foil, and grill about 8 minutes on each side. If baking, place patties on baking sheet, and bake about 10 minutes on each side.]
[In a medium saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Cook and stir almonds in butter until lightly toasted. Remove from heat, and let cool. In a medium bowl, whisk together the sesame seeds, poppy seeds, sugar, onion, paprika, white wine vinegar, cider vinegar, and vegetable oil. Toss with spinach just before serving. In a large bowl, combine the spinach with the toasted almonds and cranberries.]
[In a large bowl, dissolve the yeast and brown sugar in the water, and let sit for 10 minutes. Stir the salt and oil into the yeast solution. Mix in 2 1/2 cups of the flour. Turn dough out onto a clean, well floured surface, and knead in more flour until the dough is no longer sticky. Place the dough into a well oiled bowl, and cover with a cloth. Let the dough rise until double; this should take about 1 hour. Punch down the dough, and form a tight ball. Allow the dough to relax for a minute before rolling out. Use for your favorite pizza recipe. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). If you are baking the dough on a pizza stone, you may place your toppings on the dough, and bake immediately. If you are baking your pizza in a pan, lightly oil the pan, and let the dough rise for 15 or 20 minutes before topping and baking it. Bake pizza in preheated oven, until the cheese and crust are golden brown, about 15 to 20 minutes.]
[Place the potatoes into a pot, and fill with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, and cook for about 10 minutes, or until easily pierced with a fork. Drain, and set aside to cool. Place the bacon in a large deep skillet over medium-high heat. Fry until browned and crisp, turning as needed. Remove from the pan and set aside. Add onion to the bacon grease, and cook over medium heat until browned. Add the vinegar, water, sugar, salt and pepper to the pan. Bring to a boil, then add the potatoes and parsley. Crumble in half of the bacon. Heat through, then transfer to a serving dish. Crumble the remaining bacon over the top, and serve warm.]
[Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain. In large skillet, heat oil over moderate heat. Remove casing from sausage and add to skillet. Cook, breaking up the meat, until brown. Add garlic and red pepper and cook, stirring until garlic is golden brown. Add tomatoes and salt; bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer 15 minutes. Add vodka and cream and bring to boil. Reduce heat to low and add pasta, toss for 1 minute. Stir in fresh parsley and serve!]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease an 8-inch square pan. In a large bowl, combine brown sugar, oats, flour and butter. Mix until crumbly. Place half of crumb mixture in pan. Spread the apples evenly over crumb mixture. Sprinkle with sugar and cinnamon and top with remaining crumb mixture. Bake in the preheated oven for 40 to 45 minutes, or until golden brown.]
[Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease an 11x8 inch baking dish. Brown sausage in a large skillet; drain fat. Combine sausage with green onion and spread evenly across the bottom of the baking dish. Top with shredded cheese. Whisk together eggs, water, milk, and gravy mix; add mixture to baking dish. Arrange bread squares evenly on top. If desired, drizzle melted butter over bread, and sprinkle with paprika. Bake 40 minutes in the preheated oven, or until a knife inserted into the center comes out clean. Set aside 10 minutes before serving.]
[Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar. Cut in the shortening until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Gradually stir in milk until dough pulls away from the side of the bowl. Turn out onto a floured surface, and knead 15 to 20 times. Pat or roll dough out to 1 inch thick. Cut biscuits with a large cutter or juice glass dipped in flour. Repeat until all dough is used. Brush off the excess flour, and place biscuits onto an ungreased baking sheet. Bake for 13 to 15 minutes in the preheated oven, or until edges begin to brown.]
[Season meat with 1/4 teaspoon of the salt and 1/4 teaspoon of the pepper; set aside. In a shallow dish, mix flour with 1 teaspoon of the pepper. Dredge each steak in flour. Dip in beaten egg, then dredge in flour again. Heat lard in a large, heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Fry steaks 3 to 4 minutes on each side, or until golden brown. Drain on paper towels. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons of the fat. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons of the dredging flour into oil. Cook over medium heat for 1 minute, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of skillet. Gradually whisk in milk. Cook, stirring frequently, 3 to 4 minutes, or until thickened and bubbly. Add 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoons pepper; gravy should be quite peppery.]
[Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Boil cabbage leaves 2 minutes; drain. In large bowl, combine 1 cup cooked rice, egg, milk, onion, ground beef, salt, and pepper. Place about 1/4 cup of meat mixture in center of each cabbage leaf, and roll up, tucking in ends. Place rolls in slow cooker. In a small bowl, mix together tomato sauce, brown sugar, lemon juice, and Worcestershire sauce. Pour over cabbage rolls. Cover, and cook on Low 8 to 9 hours.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Coat bottom and sides of a 1 1/2 quart casserole dish with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir garlic until lightly browned. Mix in parsley and eggplant. Cook and stir until eggplant is soft, about 10 minutes. Season with salt to taste. Spread eggplant mixture evenly across bottom of prepared casserole dish. Sprinkle with a few tablespoons of Parmesan cheese. Spread zucchini in an even layer over top. Lightly salt and sprinkle with a little more cheese. Continue layering in this fashion, with onion, mushrooms, bell pepper, and tomatoes, covering each layer with a sprinkling of salt and cheese. Bake in preheated oven for 45 minutes.]
[Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.  Add potatoes; cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes. Drain, cool and chop. Place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown. Drain, crumble and set aside. Reserve bacon fat. Add the flour, sugar, water and vinegar to skillet and cook in reserved bacon fat over medium heat until dressing is thick. Add bacon, potatoes and green onions to skillet and stir until coated.  Cook until heated and season with salt and pepper. Serve warm.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large bowl, cream together the butter and 3/4 cup sugar until smooth.  Mix in egg. combine the flour, cream of tartar, baking soda and salt; stir into the creamed mixture until just blended. Press dough into an ungreased pizza pan. Bake in preheated oven for 8 to 10 minutes, or until lightly browned. Cool. In a large bowl, beat cream cheese with 1/2 cup sugar and vanilla until light. Spread on cooled crust. Arrange desired fruit on top of filling, and chill.]
[In a mixing bowl, mix together olive oil, parsley, lemon juice, hot sauce, garlic, tomato paste, oregano, salt, and black pepper. Reserve a small amount for basting later. Pour remaining marinade into a large resealable plastic bag with shrimp. Seal, and marinate in the refrigerator for 2 hours. Preheat grill for medium-low heat. Thread shrimp onto skewers, piercing once near the tail and once near the head. Discard marinade. Lightly oil grill grate. Cook shrimp for 5 minutes per side, or until opaque, basting frequently with reserved marinade.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Heat oil in a medium skillet and saute onion and garlic until soft. Mash beans into the onion mixture. Gradually stir in water; heat until warm, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in the soy sauce, chili powder, mustard, cumin, and cayenne pepper. Divide bean mixture and mashed sweet potatoes evenly between the tortillas; top with cheese. Fold tortillas burrito-style around the fillings and place on a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until warmed through, about 12 minutes.]
[Cook and stir the ground beef in a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat, breaking the meat up as it cooks, until the meat is no longer pink and has started to brown, about 10 minutes. Skim off excess fat, and stir in the onions and garlic. Cook and stir the meat mixture until the onions are translucent, about 10 more minutes. Stir water, tomato sauce, diced tomatoes, soy sauce, Italian seasoning, bay leaves, and seasoned salt into the meat mixture and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir macaroni into the mixture, cover, and simmer over low heat until the pasta is tender, about 25 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat, discard bay leaves, and serve.]
[Fill a large bowl with ice cubes and water and set aside. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Cut an X in the bottom of each tomato with a knife. Place prepared tomatoes in the pot of boiling water and cook until the skins begin to peel off, 10 to 40 seconds. Transfer tomatoes to the bowl of ice water and allow to cool for 2 to 3 minutes. When cool enough to handle, peel the skin off each tomato. Cut each tomato in half crosswise and remove and discard the seeds; finely dice the flesh.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease 6 (4-ounce) ramekins. Slowly melt sugar in a large skillet over low heat, stirring constantly, until browned but not scorched, about 8 minutes. Divide caramel equally among the ramekins and allow to cool. Combine whole milk, coconut milk, evaporated milk, sweetened condensed milk, and vanilla extract in a saucepan over low heat. Stir continuously until it begins to steam, about 5 minutes. Whisk 3 eggs together in a bowl; slowly pour beaten eggs into the warm milk mixture, whisking constantly until the custard is combined. Place ramekins in a casserole dish and fill with boiling water to reach halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Divide custard evenly among ramekins, over the caramel sauce, about 1/2 inch from the top. Cover casserole dish tightly with foil. Bake in the preheated oven until the custard is set, about 1 hour. A knife gently inserted into the center of a flan should come out clean. Remove ramekins from the water bath and allow to cool to room temperature. Refrigerate for 2 to 3 hours before serving to chill completely. Run the tip of a paring knife around the edges to release the flan. Place a plate over the top of the ramekin and flip to release the flan onto the plate, caramel side up.]
[In a medium saucepan, combine beans, onion, and garlic, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Season with cilantro, cayenne, and salt. Simmer for 5 minutes, and serve.]
[Heat olive oil in a large skillet or paella pan over high heat. Cook and stir onion, tomato, salt, and smoked paprika into the hot oil until softened, about 3 minutes. Add romano beans, butter beans, and rice; cook and stir until rice is coated with oil, 2 to 3 minutes. Place shrimp, mussels, and clams over the top of the rice mixture. Pour in white wine and seafood stock; sprinkle in saffron threads and rosemary. Bring mixture to a simmer. Turn shellfish and continue to cook until clams and mussels have opened, and shrimp are pink and cooked through, about 5 minutes. Remove clams, mussels, and shrimp and set aside. Stir peas into the paella; simmer, uncovered, until rice is tender and has absorbed the liquid, 20 to 25 minutes. Stir in squid, and return clams, mussels, and shrimp to the pan. Cook until squid is opaque and cooked through, 2 to 3 more minutes. Serve with lemon wedges and chopped parsley.]
[Bring a large saucepan of water to a boil. Cook spinach and fenugreek in the boiling water until wilted, about 3 minutes. Drain well and transfer to a food processor. Puree until finely chopped, about 5 pulses. Heat 1 tablespoon canola oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Fry paneer cubes, stirring constantly, until browned on all sides, about 5 minutes. Set aside. Heat 2 tablespoons canola oil in the skillet and fry the cumin seeds until lightly toasted and aromatic, about 3 minutes. Add onion; cook and stir until onion begins to soften, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in ginger, garlic, tomato, garam masala, turmeric, and cayenne pepper; cook and stir until tomatoes break down and onions are translucent, about 10 minutes. Stir in spinach and fenugreek, cream, paneer cubes, and salt to taste. Cover and cook for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.]
[Combine rice and water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer for about 15 minutes. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Cut tops off peppers, seed insides, and arrange peppers in a large baking dish.  Chop usable portion of the tops. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Saute chopped peppers and onions in oil until soft. Stir in textured vegetable protein and parsley. Reduce heat to low, and continue cooking for 5 minutes. Mix in cooked rice and 1 1/5 cups tomato sauce. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Spoon the mixture into the peppers, and top each with remaining tomato sauce. Cover, and bake about 45 minutes. Uncover, top each pepper with mozzarella cheese, and bake until cheese is melted.]
[Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.  Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes; drain and chop. Place eggs in a saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring water to a boil; cover, remove from heat, and let eggs stand in hot water for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from hot water; peel and chop. In a large bowl, combine the potatoes, eggs, celery, sweet relish, garlic, mustard, mayonnaise and salt and pepper. Gently mix together and serve warm.]
[Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Roll out bottom pie crust, press into a 10 inch pie pan, and set aside. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat; add the onion, celery, carrots, parsley, oregano, and salt and pepper. Cook and stir until the vegetables are soft. Stir in the bouillon and water. Bring mixture to a boil. Stir in the potatoes, and cook until tender but still firm. In a medium saucepan, melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Stir in the turkey and flour. Add the milk, and heat through. Stir the turkey mixture into the vegetable mixture, and cook until thickened. Cool slightly, then pour mixture into the unbaked pie shell. Roll out the top crust, and place on top of filling. Flute edges, and make 4 slits in the top crust to let out steam. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and continue baking for 20 minutes, or until crust is golden brown.]
[Melt butter in an 8x8 inch glass baking dish or small casserole dish. Add croutons and toss to coat. Sprinkle cheese on top of croutons. In a large bowl, beat together eggs, milk and dry mustard. Pour egg mixture over croutons and cheese. Sprinkle on cubed ham. Cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate overnight. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Let casserole stand at room temperature while oven heats. Bake in preheated oven for 40 minutes, until eggs are set. Let sit for 5 minutes before cutting.  Can also be frozen and microwaved later.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Wrap cheese around each frankfurter then the biscuit around that.  Put on cookie sheet with the overlap of biscuit faced down, so you don't have to use tooth picks. Bake in preheated oven until biscuits are brown, about 10 to 15 minutes.]
[Mix together vanilla instant pudding mix, cream and milk. Cover and refrigerate to set. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). In a large pot, bring water and butter to a rolling boil. Stir in flour and salt until the mixture forms a ball. Transfer the dough to a large mixing bowl. Using a wooden spoon or stand mixer, beat in the eggs one at a time, mixing well after each. Drop by tablespoonfuls onto an ungreased baking sheet. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes in the preheated oven,  until golden brown. Centers should be dry. When the shells are cool, either split and fill them with the pudding mixture, or use a pastry bag to pipe the pudding into the shells.]
[Place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown. Crumble and set aside. In a large flat bowl, place the chopped lettuce and top with a layer of onion, peas, shredded cheese, cauliflower and bacon. Prepare the dressing by whisking together the mayonnaise, sugar and Parmesan cheese. Drizzle over salad and refrigerate until chilled.]
[Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a large stock pot over medium-high heat. Crumble turkey into the pot, stirring with a wooden spoon to break apart as much as possible. Season with taco seasoning mix, coriander, oregano, chili flakes, and tomato paste, and mix until meat is evenly coated with seasonings. Continue cooking, reducing heat if necessary, until turkey is well browned. Pour in beef broth, and simmer to reduce liquid slightly, about 5 minutes. Add salsa, tomatoes, and green chilies, and continue cooking at a moderate simmer for ten minutes. Adjust the thickness at any time you feel necessary by adding water. While chili is still cooking, heat one tablespoon of oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook onion and green bell pepper, stirring occasionally for 5 minutes, or until onion is translucent and bell pepper is lightly browned. Add onion and bell pepper to the chili, and continue cooking at a very low simmer. In the same skillet, heat the remaining tablespoon of oil over medium-high heat. Add the zucchini, and cook stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes, or until lightly browned. Add the zucchini to the chili, reduce heat, and continue cooking 15 minutes more. Again, adjust the consistency with water as needed. Ladle chili into serving bowls. Top with sour cream, green onion, and cheddar cheese, and serve.]
[In a medium bowl, mix together the ground beef, egg, cracker crumbs, onion, salt, pepper and poultry seasoning using your hands. Shape into 6 patties about 1 inch thick. Fry the patties in a large skillet over medium-high heat for 3 to 4 minutes per side, or until browned. Drain off grease, and remove patties to a platter; keep warm. Melt the butter in the same skillet, and add the mushrooms. Cook and stir for about 2 minutes. Sprinkle the flour over, and mix in until blended. Stir in the milk and beef bouillon. Cook and stir over medium heat until smooth and starting to thicken. Return the patties to the gravy and cook over low heat, uncovered, for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Roll out the crescent roll dough onto a 9x13 inch baking sheet, and pinch together edges to form the pizza crust. Bake crust for 12 minutes in the preheated oven. Once finished cooking, remove crust from oven and let cool 15 minutes without removing it from the baking sheet. In a small mixing bowl, combine cream cheese, mayonnaise, and dry Ranch dressing. Spread the mixture over the cooled crust. Arrange broccoli, tomato, green bell pepper, cauliflower, shredded carrots, and Cheddar cheese over the cream cheese layer. Chill for one hour, slice and serve.]
[In a skillet over medium heat, brown ground beef, onion and garlic for 5 minutes; drain fat. Mix in basil, oregano, brown sugar, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, diced tomatoes and tomato paste. Simmer for 30 to 45 minutes, stirring occasionally. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add lasagna noodles, and cook for 5 to 8 minutes, or until al dente; drain. Lay noodles flat on towels, and blot dry. In a medium bowl, mix together eggs, ricotta, Parmesan cheese, parsley and 1 teaspoon salt. Layer 1/3 of the lasagna noodles in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish. Cover noodles with 1/2 ricotta mixture, 1/2 of the mozzarella cheese and 1/3 of the sauce. Repeat. Top with remaining noodles and sauce. Sprinkle additional Parmesan cheese over the top. Bake in the preheated oven 30 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes before serving.]
[Pierce pork all over with a carving fork. Rub salt then liquid smoke over meat.  Place roast in a slow cooker. Cover, and cook on Low for 16 to 20 hours, turning once during cooking time. Remove meat from slow cooker, and shred, adding drippings as needed to moisten.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). In a large bowl, cream together the butter, peanut butter, brown sugar, and white sugar until smooth. Beat in the eggs one at a time, then stir in the corn syrup, water, and vanilla. Combine the flour, baking soda, and salt; stir into the peanut butter mixture. Fold in chocolate chunks. Drop by 1/4 cupfuls 3 inches apart onto ungreased baking sheets. Bake for 12 to 14 minutes in the preheated oven, or until edges are golden. Allow cookies to cool for 1 minute on the cookie sheet before removing to wire racks to cool completely.]
[Preheat skillet over medium heat. Generously butter one side of a slice of bread. Place bread butter-side-down onto skillet bottom and add 1 slice of cheese. Butter a second slice of bread on one side and place butter-side-up on top of sandwich. Grill until lightly browned and flip over; continue grilling until cheese is melted. Repeat with remaining 2 slices of bread, butter and slice of cheese.]
[Heat oil in a deep skillet over medium heat. Saute rice, onion, and bell pepper until rice is browned and onions are tender. Stir in water and tomatoes. Season with chili powder and salt. Cover, and simmer for 30 minutes, or until rice is cooked and liquid is absorbed.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large bowl, gently toss together blackberries, raspberries, blueberries, and white sugar; set aside. In a separate large bowl, combine flour, oats, brown sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Cut in butter until crumbly. Press half of mixture in the bottom of a 9x13 inch pan. Cover with berries. Sprinkle remaining crumble mixture over the berries. Bake in the preheated oven for 30 to 40 minutes, or until fruit is bubbly and topping is golden brown.]
[Cook noodles according to package directions. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a medium skillet over medium-high heat, brown the ground beef with the onion, garlic and green bell pepper. Drain excess fat. Stir in the noodles, pepperoni, pizza sauce and milk, and mix well. Pour this mixture into a 2-quart casserole dish. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 20 minutes, top with the cheese, then bake for 5 to 10 more minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Place trimmed Brussels sprouts, olive oil, kosher salt, and pepper in a large resealable plastic bag. Seal tightly, and shake to coat. Pour onto a baking sheet, and place on center oven rack. Roast in the preheated oven for 30 to 45 minutes, shaking pan every 5 to 7 minutes for even browning. Reduce heat when necessary to prevent burning. Brussels sprouts should be darkest brown, almost black, when done. Adjust seasoning with kosher salt, if necessary. Serve immediately.]
[In a medium glass bowl, prepare marinade by mixing garlic, light olive oil, basil, salt, pepper, lemon juice and parsley. Place salmon fillets in a medium glass baking dish, and cover with the marinade. Marinate in the refrigerator about 1 hour, turning occasionally. Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C). Place fillets in aluminum foil, cover with marinade, and seal. Place sealed salmon in the glass dish, and bake 35 to 45 minutes, until easily flaked with a fork.]
[Place the onion, rinsed beans, jalapeno, garlic, salt, pepper, and cumin into a slow cooker. Pour in the water and stir to combine.  Cook on High for 8 hours, adding more water as needed.  Note: if more than 1 cup of water has evaporated during cooking, then the temperature is too high. Once the beans have cooked, strain them, and reserve the liquid.  Mash the beans with a potato masher, adding the reserved water as needed to attain desired consistency.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large bowl, combine sausage, biscuit baking mix and cheese. Form into walnut size balls and place on baking sheets. Bake in preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes, until golden brown and sausage is cooked through.]
[Preheat a lightly oiled griddle over medium-high heat. Combine flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Make a well in the center. In a separate bowl, beat together egg, milk and oil. Pour milk mixture into flour mixture. Beat until smooth. Pour or scoop the batter onto the hot griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake. Brown on both sides and serve hot.]
[Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Mix bread crumbs and olive oil in bowl to reach consistency that would be moist enough to stick to the meat when pressed.  Place pork on a shallow cooking sheet.  Press the crumb mixture onto all sides of the meat until there is no pink showing, usually 1/4 inch thick. Bake for at least 35 minutes until a meat thermometer reads 165 degrees F (75 degrees C) or until there is no pink when the pork is cut.  Let the pork rest for 10 minutes, then cut into 1/2 inch slices.]
[Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).   Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add noodles and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain and set aside. Place pork and beef in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown.  Stir in tomato sauce, crushed tomatoes, parsley, garlic, oregano, onion, sugar, basil and salt. Simmer over medium-low heat for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. In a large bowl, combine cottage cheese, eggs, Parmesan cheese, parsley, salt and pepper. In a 9x13 inch baking dish, place 2 layers of noodles on the bottom of dish; layer 1/2 of the cheese mixture, 1/2 of the mozzarella cheese and 1/2 of the sauce; repeat layers. Cover with aluminum foil and bake in preheated oven for 30 to 40 minutes. Remove foil and bake for another 5 to 10 minutes; let stand for 10 minutes before cutting; serve.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Coat a 2 quart casserole dish with cooking spray. In a large pot of salted water, boil noodles until al dente. Drain well. In a medium saucepan, combine flour, butter, and salt. Stir until butter is melted and ingredients are combined evenly. Add milk, and whisk until the sauce thickens (usually it is at the proper consistency by the time it begins to boil). Add cheese to mixture,  and whisk until cheese is melted and mixture is well blended. Stir in tuna, peas, and noodles. Spread evenly in prepared dish. Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Lightly grease 8 muffin cups.        Watch Now, In a large skillet or frying pan, cook ground chuck with onion and garlic powder until evenly brown; drain off the grease. Stir in the barbeque sauce and simmer for another 3 minutes.        Watch Now, Roll out each biscuit on a floured surface so that each biscuit is 6 inches across. Put the biscuit in the muffin tin and fold up sides to  create a cup shape. Fill each biscuit fill almost to the top with the meat mixture; top with cheddar cheese.        Watch Now, Bake in preheated oven until biscuits are baked, cheese is melted and tops are golden brown, about 15 minutes.        Watch Now]
[Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9 inch round cake pans. In a large bowl, cream together the butter, sugar and dry strawberry gelatin until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs one at a time, mixing well after each. Combine the flour and baking powder; stir into the batter alternately with the milk. Blend in vanilla and strawberry puree. Divide the batter evenly between the prepared pans. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, or until a small knife inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Allow cakes to cool in their pans over a wire rack for at least 10 minutes, before tapping out to cool completely.]
[Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir couscous in the melted butter until slightly toasted, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour in chicken broth and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer until most of the stock is absorbed and the couscous have plumped, 6 to 7 minutes. Stir heavy cream and pimientos into couscous; add cayenne pepper and cook until couscous is tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Add more broth if needed. Remove from heat and stir in Cheddar cheese until melted; add chives and stir to combine. Season with salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper to taste.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Scrub the potato and prick it with a fork to prevent steam from building up and causing the potato to explode in your oven. Bake for 1 1/2 hours.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lay crescent dough flat on the bottom of a square cake pan and bake according to package directions. Meanwhile, brown the ground beef in a large skillet over medium high heat. Add the taco seasoning and stir together well. When dough is done, remove from oven and place meat mixture on top, then layer with sour cream and cheese, and then top off with the crushed nacho chips. Return to oven and bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 10 minutes, or until cheese has melted.]
[Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Prepare a 9x13 inch baking dish with cooking spray.        Watch Now, Beat the cream cheese with 1 cup of sugar and the vanilla extract in a bowl until smooth.        Watch Now, Unroll the cans of crescent roll dough, and use a rolling pin to shape each piece into 9x13 inch rectangles. Press one piece into the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish. Evenly spread the cream cheese mixture into the baking dish, then cover with the remaining piece of crescent dough. Stir together 3/4 cup of sugar, cinnamon, and butter. Dot the mixture over the top of the cheesecake.        Watch Now, Bake in the preheated oven until the crescent dough has puffed and turned golden brown, about 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and drizzle with honey. Cool completely in the pan before cutting into 12 squares.        Watch Now]
[Heat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees  C).  Coat a Bundt pan well with cooking spray. Make the streusel topping:  Mix 1 brown cup sugar, 2/3 cup flour, and cinnamon in a medium bowl. Cut in 1/2 cup butter or margarine; topping mixture will be crumbly. Set aside. For the cake:  Beat 1/2 cup butter or margarine in large bowl until creamy; add 1 cup white sugar, and beat until fluffy. Beat in egg and vanilla.  Whisk together 2 cups flour, baking powder, and salt; add alternately with the milk to the creamed mixture, beating well after each addition. Spread half the batter in the prepared pan. Cover with berries, and add remaining batter by tablespoons. Cover with streusel topping. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 55 to 60 minutes, until deep golden brown.  Remove pan to wire rack to cool.  Invert onto a plate after cake has cooled, and dust with confectioners' sugar.]
[In a large skillet over medium high heat, saute the roast in the oil for 15 minutes, or until all sides are well browned. Season with salt and pepper to taste and set aside. Place the onion, carrots, garlic and parsley in the bottom of a slow cooker. Place the roast on top of the vegetables and pour the soup over the roast and the vegetables. Cover the slow cooker and cook on low setting for 8 to 10 hours, stirring once. Transfer roast to a serving platter and place the vegetables around it. Pour the roast gravy from the slow cooker into a gravy boat.]
[Combine potatoes, 2 cups olive oil, and 3 teaspoons salt in a large cold skillet. Heat on low and cook until potatoes are softened, 12 to 15 minutes. Increase heat to high and fry until golden, 5 to 6 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Cook and stir onion with 1 teaspoon salt in the hot oil until onion has softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Add garlic, chile, and smoked paprika; simmer for 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in tomatoes and return to a simmer. Transfer tomato mixture to a blender, cover, and puree until tomato sauce is smooth. Serve patatas bravas with tomato puree and and mayonnaise for dipping.]
[Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Whip butter with an electric mixer until fluffy.  Stir in the confectioners' sugar, cornstarch, and flour. Beat on low for one minute, then on high for 3 to 4 minutes. Drop cookies by spoonfuls 2 inches apart on an ungreased cookie sheet. Bake for 12 to 15  minutes in the preheated oven.  Watch that the edges don't brown too much. Cool on wire racks.]
[Wrap a sushi rolling mat completely in plastic wrap and set aside. Bring water and rice to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the rice is tender and the liquid has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer rice to a bowl and cut in rice vinegar using a rice paddle or wooden spoon. Season with 1 teaspoon sugar and 1 teaspoon salt, or to taste. Allow to cool to room temperature, about 30 minutes. Combine crab meat with mayonnaise in a small bowl. Place a sheet of nori on a flat work surface. Spread a thin layer of rice on top of the nori. Place the nori, rice side down, on the prepared rolling mat. Place 2 to 3 avocado slices on top of the nori in one layer. Top with 2 to 3 tablespoons of the crab mixture. Spoon 1 to 2 teaspoons tobiko lengthwise on one side of the avocado-crab mixture, and 2 cucumber strips on the other side. Using the mat as a guide, carefully roll the California roll into a tight log. Remove the rolling mat. Top roll with more tobiko, cover with plastic wrap, and gently press the tobiko into the top of the roll. Remove the plastic and cut roll into 6 even pieces using a wet knife. Repeat with remaining sheets of nori and filling. Serve garnished with pickled ginger, soy sauce, and wasabi paste]
[When it starts to snow, place a large, clean bowl outside to collect the flakes.  When full, stir in sugar and vanilla to taste, then stir in just enough milk for the desired consistency.  Serve at once.]
[In a food-grade large bucket or container large enough to hold your turkey, mix together the water, salt, garlic, pepper, Worcestershire sauce and brown sugar. Store in a refrigerator, and soak turkey for 2 days before smoking or roasting.]
[In a wide bowl, crush strawberries in batches until you have 4 cups of mashed berry. In a heavy bottomed saucepan, mix together the strawberries, sugar, and lemon juice. Stir over low heat until the sugar is dissolved. Increase heat to high, and bring the mixture to a full rolling boil. Boil, stirring often, until the mixture reaches 220 degrees F (105 degrees C).  Transfer to hot sterile jars, leaving 1/4 to 1/2 inch headspace, and seal. Process in a water bath. If the jam is going to be eaten right away, don't bother with processing, and just refrigerate.]
[Sift together flour, sugar and salt; set aside. In a large bowl, beat eggs and milk together with an electric mixer. Beat in flour mixture until smooth; stir in melted butter. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 2 tablespoons for each crepe. Tip and rotate pan to spread batter as thinly as possible. Brown on both sides and serve hot.]
[Place ground beef in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook until evenly browned, stirring to crumble. I like to use a potato masher to even out the lumps. Add onion and celery, cover the pan, and cook until tender and transparent, about 5 minutes. Drain off any grease. Stir the tomato soup (undiluted), ketchup, vinegar, brown sugar and Worcestershire sauce into the beef mixture. Season with salt and garlic powder. Heat to a simmer over low heat, and cook until thoroughly heated, stirring frequently to prevent it from burning on the bottom. Spoon the hot beef mixture onto buns, which may be toasted first, and serve.]
[Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 12 cup muffin pan or line with paper liners. In a large bowl, mix together the cake mix, pumpkin puree, cinnamon, nutmeg and cloves until smooth. Spoon equal amounts of batter into the prepared muffin cups. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes in the preheated oven, until a toothpick inserted in the center of one comes out clean.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a medium bowl, combine condensed milk, sour cream, lime juice, and lime rind. Mix well and pour into graham cracker crust. Bake in preheated oven for 5 to 8 minutes, until tiny pinhole bubbles burst on the surface of pie. DO NOT BROWN! Chill pie thoroughly before serving. Garnish with lime slices and whipped cream if desired.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Spray 9x13 glass baking dish with cooking spray. Spread hamburger into bottom of pan, covering entire bottom, gently tamping beef down. Sprinkle with diced onions. Layer frozen veggies as next layer. Cover with the soup, straight from the can, carefully spreading with spatula to cover entirely. Layer tater tots on top, covering entire top with tots.  Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees) for 1 hour, or until hamburger is done. Check after 30 minutes; if tots are getting too brown, turn down to 350 degrees F (190 degrees C).]
[Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Lightly grease one 9x13 inch pan. In a large mixing bowl combine the oats, flour, baking soda, vanilla, butter or margarine, honey and brown sugar.  Stir in the 2 cups assorted chocolate chips, raisins, nuts etc. Lightly press mixture into the prepared pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 18 to 22 minutes or until golden brown. Let cool for 10 minutes then cut into bars. Let bars cool completely in pan before removing or serving.]
[In a large bowl, stir together flour, baking powder, sugar and salt. Add milk, eggs and oil; mix well. Spray preheated waffle iron with non-stick cooking spray. Pour mix onto hot waffle iron. Cook until golden brown.]
[In a small bowl beat whipping cream until stiff peaks form; set aside. In a large bowl combine cream cheese, sugar, salt and vanilla. Beat until smooth, then fold in whipped cream.]
[Combine the cream cheese, sugar, vanilla extract and almond extract in a large mixing bowl or the bowl of a stand mixer. Fit the mixer with the whisk attachment and mix on medium speed until smooth. While the mixture is still whipping, slowly pour in the heavy cream. Stop and scrape the bottom of the bowl a couple of times while you continue whipping until the cream can hold a stiff peak.]
[In a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, combine dashi granules and water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium, and whisk in the miso paste. Stir in tofu. Separate the layers of the green onions, and add them to the soup. Simmer gently for 2 to 3 minutes before serving.]
[Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour three 9x5 inch loaf pans. In a large bowl, mix together the pumpkin, oil, sugar, and eggs. Combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves; stir into the pumpkin mixture until well blended. Divide the batter evenly between the prepared pans. Bake in preheated oven for 45 minutes to 1 hour. The top of the loaf should spring back when lightly pressed.]
[In a medium bowl, Mix together tomato sauce and tomato paste until smooth. Stir in oregano, garlic and paprika.]
[In a large saucepan over medium heat, combine the beef and onion and saute until meat is browned and onion is tender. Add the stewed tomatoes with juice, tomato sauce, beans and water. Season with the chili powder, garlic powder, salt and ground black pepper to taste. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, cover and let simmer for 15 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).  Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.        Watch Now, Place macaroni in a 2 quart casserole dish.  Stir in cheese soup and milk until well combined.  Sprinkle with shredded Colby.        Watch Now, Bake 25 to 30 minutes, or until cheese is brown and bubbly.        Watch Now]
[In a medium saucepan, whisk together egg yolks and sugar until well blended.  Whisk in milk and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until mixture boils.  Boil gently for 1 minute, remove from heat and allow to cool slightly.  Cover tightly and chill in refrigerator 1 hour. In a medium bowl, beat cream with vanilla until stiff peaks form.  Whisk mascarpone into yolk mixture until smooth. In a small bowl, combine coffee and rum.  Split ladyfingers in half lengthwise and drizzle with coffee mixture. Arrange half of soaked ladyfingers in bottom of a 7x11 inch dish.  Spread half of mascarpone mixture over ladyfingers, then half of whipped cream over that.  Repeat layers and sprinkle with cocoa.  Cover and refrigerate 4 to 6 hours, until set.]
[Preheat oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). In a shallow baking pan or roaster, place ribs in a single layer; salt if desired.  Spread the garlic on the ribs, then place the lemon slices on top.  Bake in a preheated oven for 2 hours - the ribs should be tender.  Drain any grease and liquid.  Pour BBQ sauce over the ribs.  Return to oven and bake one more hour at 200 to 250 degrees F.]
[In a medium pot, saute onions in oil.  Add the split peas, ham bone, and enough water to cover ingredients; season with salt and pepper. Cover, and cook until there are no peas left, just a green liquid, 2 hours.  While it is cooking, check to see if water has evaporated. You may need to add more water as the soup continues to cook. Once the soup is a green liquid remove from heat, and let stand so it will thicken. Once thickened you may need to heat through to serve.]
[In a small bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, mustard, honey, and lemon juice. Store covered in the refrigerator.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large bowl, mix together oats, brown sugar, cinnamon, baking powder, and salt. Beat in milk, eggs, melted butter, and vanilla extract. Stir in dried cranberries. Spread into a 9x13 inch baking dish. Bake in preheated oven for 40 minutes.]
[Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place ham in a roasting pan, and press whole cloves into the top at 1 to 2 inch intervals. Pack the top with a layer of brown sugar. Pour enough water into the bottom of the roasting pan to come to a 1 inch depth. Cover the pan tightly with aluminum foil or a lid. Bake for 4 1/2 to 5 hours in the preheated oven (about 22 minutes per pound), or until the internal temperature of the ham has reached 160 degrees F (72 degrees C). Make sure the meat thermometer is not touching the bone. Let stand for about 20 minutes before carving.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13 inch baking dish. In a blender or food processor, place artichoke hearts, Romano cheese, Parmesan cheese and garlic . Pulse until chopped, but not ground. Set aside. In a medium bowl, mix together spinach, heavy cream, sour cream and mozzarella cheese. Stir in artichoke mixture. Spoon into prepared baking dish. Bake in the preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until cheese is melted and bubbly.]
[Melt the butter or margarine in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the garlic and asparagus spears; cover and cook for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, or until asparagus is tender. If you like your asparagus well done, reduce heat and cook an additional 10 minutes.]
[In a large bowl, whisk together olive oil, vinegar, garlic powder, basil, oregano, black pepper, and sugar. Add cooked pasta, mushrooms, tomatoes, red peppers, feta cheese, green onions, olives, and pepperoni. Toss until evenly coated. Cover, and chill 2 hours or overnight.]
[Place the sausage in a large skillet over medium heat, and brown on all sides. Remove from skillet, and slice. Melt butter in the skillet. Stir in the yellow onion, red onion, and garlic, and cook 2 to 3 minutes. Mix in red bell pepper and green bell pepper. Season with basil, and oregano. Stir in white wine. Continue to cook and stir until peppers and onions are tender. Return sausage slices to skillet with the vegetables. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer 15 minutes, or until sausage is heated through.]
[In a large bowl, combine beans, bell peppers, frozen corn, and red onion. In a small bowl, whisk together olive oil, red wine vinegar, lime juice, lemon juice, sugar, salt, garlic, cilantro, cumin, and black pepper.  Season to taste with hot sauce and chili powder. Pour olive oil dressing over vegetables; mix well.  Chill thoroughly, and serve cold.]
[Cut the avocados into halves. Remove the seeds, and scoop out the pulp into a small bowl.  Use a fork to mash the avocado.  Stir in lemon juice, onion, salt, and olive oil.  Cover the bowl, and refrigerate for 1 hour before serving.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 2 quart baking dish. Place the hash brown potatoes in the bottom of the baking dish.        Watch Now, Heat a skillet over medium heat and cook and stir the sausage and onion until the sausage is crumbly, evenly browned, and no longer pink; drain. Meanwhile, whisk together the eggs, milk, onion powder, garlic powder, salt, and pepper, and pour over the potatoes. Layer with half the Cheddar cheese, the sausage mixture, and the remaining Cheddar cheese. Cover with aluminum foil.        Watch Now, Bake in the preheated oven for 1 hour. Remove cover; return casserole to the oven and bake until a knife inserted into the center comes out clean, about 10 minutes. Let stand for 5 minutes before serving.        Watch Now]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Slice cookie dough and arrange on greased pizza pan, overlapping edges. Press dough flat into pan. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes. Allow to cool. In a large bowl, soften cream cheese, then fold in the whipped topping. Spread over cooled crust. You can chill for a while at this point, or continue by arranging the fruit. Begin with strawberries, sliced in half. Arrange in a circle around the outside edge. Continue with fruit of your choice, working towards the middle. If bananas are used, dip them in lemon juice so they don't darken. Then make a sauce to spoon over fruit. In a saucepan, combine sugar, salt, corn starch, orange juice, lemon juice and water. Cook and stir over medium heat. Bring to a boil, and cook for 1 or 2 minutes, until thickened.  Remove from heat, and add grated orange rind. Allow to cool, but not set up. Spoon over fruit. Chill for two hours, then cut into wedges and serve.]
[Heat oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Stir in flour and chili powder, reduce heat to medium, and cook until lightly brown, stirring constantly to prevent burning flour. Gradually stir in tomato sauce, water, cumin, garlic powder, and onion salt into the flour and chili powder until smooth, and continue cooking over medium heat approximately 10 minutes, or until thickened slightly. Season to taste with salt.]
[In a small bowl, dissolve  1 teaspoon sugar and yeast in warm water. Let stand until creamy, about 10 minutes. Warm the milk in a small saucepan until it bubbles, then remove from heat. Mix in 1/4 cup sugar, 1/4 cup butter and salt; stir until melted. Let cool until lukewarm. In a large bowl, combine the yeast mixture, milk mixture, eggs and 1 1/2 cup flour; stir well to combine. Stir in the remaining flour, 1/2 cup at a time, beating well after each addition. When the dough has pulled together, turn it out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 8 minutes. Lightly oil a large bowl, place the dough in the bowl and turn to coat with oil. Cover with a damp cloth and let rise in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 1 hour. While dough is rising, melt 3/4 cup butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Stir in 3/4 cup brown sugar, whisking until smooth. Pour into greased 9x13 inch baking pan. Sprinkle bottom of pan with 1/2 cup pecans; set aside. Melt remaining butter; set aside. Combine remaining 3/4 cup brown sugar, 1/2 cup pecans, and cinnamon; set aside. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface, roll  into an 18x14 inch rectangle. Brush with 2 tablespoons melted butter, leaving 1/2 inch border uncovered; sprinkle with brown sugar cinnamon mixture. Starting at long side, tightly roll up, pinching seam to seal. Brush with remaining 2 tablespoons butter. With serrated knife, cut into 15 pieces; place cut side down, in prepared pan. Cover and let rise for 1 hour or until doubled in volume. Meanwhile, preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Bake in preheated oven for 25 to 30 minutes, until golden brown. Let cool in pan for 3 minutes, then invert onto serving platter. Scrape remaining filling from the pan onto the rolls.]
[In a medium bowl, cream together the dry butterscotch pudding mix, butter, and brown sugar until smooth. Stir in the egg. Combine the flour, baking soda, ginger, and cinnamon; stir into the pudding mixture. Cover, and chill dough until firm, about 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease baking sheets. On a floured board, roll dough out to about 1/8 inch thickness, and cut into man shapes using a cookie cutter. Place cookies 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes in the preheated oven, until cookies are golden at the edges. Cool on wire racks.]
[In a large bowl, beat cream cheese until fluffy.  Beat in condensed milk, pudding mix, cold milk and vanilla until smooth.  Fold in 1/2 of the whipped topping.        Watch Now, Line the bottom of a 9x13 inch dish with vanilla wafers. Arrange sliced bananas evenly over wafers. Spread with pudding mixture. Top with remaining whipped topping. Chill.        Watch Now]
[In a large bowl, stir together the flour and salt. Add the beaten egg, milk, and butter. Knead dough until smooth, about 5 minutes. Let rest in a covered bowl for 10 minutes. On a floured surface, roll out to 1/8 or 1/4 inch thickness. Cut into desired lengths and shapes. Allow to air dry before cooking. To cook fresh pasta, in a large pot with boiling salted water cook until al dente.]
[Season pork chops with salt, pepper, and garlic salt to taste. In a large skillet, brown the chops over medium-high heat. Add the onion and mushrooms, and saute for one minute. Pour cream of mushroom soup over chops. Cover skillet, and reduce temperature to medium-low. Simmer 20 to 30 minutes, or until chops are cooked through.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees F). In a large bowl, cream together the shortening and 2 cups sugar until smooth. Beat in the eggs one at a time, then stir in the vanilla and molasses. Combine the flour, baking soda, salt, nutmeg and ginger; stir into the sugar mixture until well blended. Mix in cinnamon chips. Dough will be stiff. Roll into walnut sized balls and roll each ball in remaining sugar. Place cookies 2 inches apart onto an ungreased cookie sheet and flatten slightly. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven, or until tops are crackled. Let cool on the baking sheet for a few minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.]
[Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Combine the graham cracker crumbs, sugar and melted butter. Press into the bottom of an 9x9 inch baking pan. Layer the chocolate chips, coconut and pecans over the crumbs. Pour the sweetened condensed milk over the top. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool and cut into squares.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line three 9x13 inch baking pans with parchment paper. In a large bowl, break apart almond paste with a fork, and cream together with butter, sugar, and egg yolks. When mixture is fluffy and smooth, stir in flour to form a dough. In a small bowl, beat egg whites until soft peaks form. Fold egg whites into the dough. Divide dough into 3 equal portions. Mix one portion with red food coloring, and one with green food coloring. Spread each portion into one of the prepared baking pans. Bake 10 to 12 minutes in the preheated oven, until lightly browned. Carefully remove from pan and parchment paper, and cool completely on wire racks. Place green layer onto a piece of plastic wrap large enough to wrap all three layers. Spread green layer with raspberry jam, and top with uncolored layer. Spread with apricot jam, and top with pink layer. Transfer layers to a baking sheet, and enclose with plastic wrap. Place a heavy pan or cutting board on top of wrapped layers to compress. Chill in the refrigerator 8 hours, or overnight. Remove plastic wrap. Top with melted chocolate chips, and refrigerate 1 hour, or until chocolate is firm. Slice into small squares to serve.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).    Butter and flour 12 (3 inch) madeleine molds; set aside. Melt butter and let cool to room temperature. In a small mixing bowl, beat eggs, vanilla and salt at high speed until light. Beating constantly, gradually add sugar; and continue beating at high speed until mixture is thick and pale and ribbons form in bowl when beaters are lifted, 5 to 10 minutes. Sift flour into egg mixture 1/3 at a time, gently folding after each addition. Add lemon zest and pour melted butter around edge of batter.  Quickly but gently fold butter into batter.  Spoon batter into molds; it will mound slightly above tops. Bake 14 to 17 minutes, or until cakes are golden and the tops spring back when gently pressed with your fingertip. Use the tip of the knife to loosen madeleines from pan; invert onto rack.  Immediately sprinkle warm cookies with granulated sugar.  Madeleines are best eaten the day they're baked.  Leftover madeleines are wonderful when dunked into coffee or tea. Variation: Chocolate Madeleines: Omit lemon zest.  Increase sugar to 1/2 cup.  Substitute 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder for 2 tablespoons of the flour; sift into batter with flour.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a medium bowl, combine flour, baking soda and salt; set aside. Cream together white sugar, light brown sugar and butter (do not use shortening). Stir in slightly beaten eggs and vanilla. Add flour mixture until just mixed. Stir in vanilla chips, macadamia nuts and dried cranberries. Drop dough on an ungreased cookie sheet by small scoop or rounded teaspoon. Bake in preheated oven until cookies are just set, about 10 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool. Cookies will sink slightly. Variations: To make chocolate cookies, omit 1/2 cup flour and replace with 1/2 cup cocoa. To make refrigerator cookies: Roll dough into 2 rolls, wrap with plastic wrap and chill or freeze. (If you freeze the dough, thaw for at least 1/2 hour before cutting).  Slice 1-inch slices; cut into 4 and place on baking sheet point up. For fancier cookies: Drizzle melted white chocolate on chocolate cookies and melted dark chocolate on the white cookie. Enjoy!]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). In a large bowl, combine butter, confectioners' sugar, egg, almond extract and vanilla extract. beat until smooth. Mix in flour and salt. Roll into 4 inch strips, place on baking sheet. Curve top down to form handle of cane. Bake in preheated oven for 9 to 10 minutes. While still warm, remove from pan and sprinkle with candy and sugar mixture.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line cookie sheets with parchment paper or aluminum foil. In a large bowl, stir together the flour, coconut and salt. Stir in the sweetened condensed milk and vanilla using your hands until well blended. Use an ice cream scoop to drop dough onto the prepared cookie sheets. Cookies should be about golf ball size. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes in the preheated oven, until coconut is toasted.]
[Preheat oven to 225 degrees F (110 degrees C). Line 2 cookie sheets with foil. In a large glass or metal mixing bowl, beat egg whites, salt, and cream of tartar to soft peaks. Gradually add sugar, continuing to beat until whites form stiff peaks. Drop by spoonfuls 1 inch apart on the prepared cookie sheets. Sprinkle crushed peppermint candy over the cookies. Bake for 1 1/2 hours in preheated oven. Meringues should be completely dry on the inside. Do not allow them to brown. Turn off oven. Keep oven door ajar, and let meringues sit in the oven until completely cool. Loosen from foil with metal spatula. Store loosely covered in cool dry place for up to 2 months.]
[Place sugar in a heavy-bottomed saucepan set over medium-high heat. Stir continuously until sugar begins to melt. Continue stirring until the sugar melts completely, begins to darken and all the chunks are dissolved, about 10 minutes. Stop stirring and continue to cook until the sugar begins to smoke and turns a dark shade of amber, 3 to 8 minutes. Remove from heat and wait 30 seconds. Whisk in butter until melted and combined. Slowly pour in 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon cream, taking care because it can bubble over. Sprinkle in salt and stir to combine. Transfer sauce to a jar and cool completely before refrigerating.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain and rinse with cold water. In a bowl mix milk, eggs, sour cream, seasoning salt, and pepper.  Layer macaroni, cheddar cheese, and milk mixture until pan is full.  Sprinkle Parmesan cheese and pour melted butter on top. Bake in a preheated oven for 20 to 30 minutes or until milk mixture is done.]
[Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir ham scraps until browned, about 5 minutes. Remove to a plate, reserving the grease in the pan. Place ham slices in the pan and cook over medium heat until browned, about 5 minutes on each side. Season both sides with salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Remove ham and reserve on a plate. Reduce heat to medium-low and sprinkle flour over the pan drippings. Cook and stir for 2 minutes.  Increase heat to medium-high and pour in coffee into the pan. Cook and stir until combined and thickened. Season to taste. Return ham to the pan to warm through.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x13 inch pan. In a large bowl, combine grated carrots, flour, white sugar, baking soda, baking powder, salt and cinnamon. Stir in eggs, applesauce, oil, 1 1/4 teaspoon vanilla, pineapple and 3/4 cup chopped pecans. Spoon batter into prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 30 to 40 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Allow to cool. To Make Frosting:  In a medium bowl, combine confectioners' sugar, Neufchatel cheese, 1/2 cup butter or margarine and 1 1/4 teaspoons vanilla. Beat until smooth, then stir in 1 cup chopped pecans. Spread on cooled cake.]
[Slice goat cheese into one inch pieces and place in a single layer on a large platter. Sprinkle olive oil, sun-dried tomatoes, black olives, basil and rosemary over the cheese. Using toothpicks, insert the garlic cloves into the cheese throughout the mixture. Allow the mixture to marinate 6 hours, or overnight, in the refrigerator. Remove the toothpicks, and serve with sliced French bread.]
[Cut roast in half. Rub each half with salt and pepper, and place in the slow cooker. Pour broth and coffee over the meat. Turn the slow cooker to Low, and cover. Cook  for 6 to 8 hours, or until the roast is fork tender. Carefully remove the roast to a cutting board. Pull the meat off the bone with a fork. You may also chop it with a cleaver afterwards, if you like it really finely cut.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a shallow baking pan with aluminum foil. Place salmon skin-side down on foil. Spread a thin layer of mustard on the top of each fillet, and season with salt and pepper. Top with bread crumbs, then drizzle with melted butter. Bake in a preheated oven for 15 minutes, or until salmon flakes easily with a fork.]
[Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add chopped bacon and onions; cook and stir until the bacon is crisp and the onions are browned, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove bacon and onions to a small dish, reserving about 2 tablespoons of the bacon fat for frying the pierogi. Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and mash until smooth. Allow to cool for 10 minutes. Season with salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Stir in 1 egg and farmer's cheese. Cover and refrigerate until chilled, about 30 minutes. Beat 1 egg with 1 tablespoon water in a bowl for the egg wash. Place 2 to 3 wonton wrappers at a time on a lightly floured work surface. Brush the edges lightly with the egg wash. Place about 2 tablespoons of filling in the center of each wrapper. Fold each pierogi in half and lightly press the edges together to seal. Bring a pot of salted water to a boil and cook pierogi in the boiling water until they float, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain. Transfer pierogi to the skillet with reserved bacon drippings in batches and cook over medium heat until lightly browned, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a bowl, toss with the bacon and onions, and serve garnished with sour cream and chives.]
[Place pork into a Dutch oven with onion and garlic, and add water to cover. Bring to a boil, then  reduce heat to low and simmer until the meat is cooked through, about 2 hours. Use rubber gloves to remove stems and seeds from the chile pods. Place chiles in a saucepan with 2 cups of water. Simmer, uncovered, for 20 minutes, then remove from heat to cool. Transfer the chiles and water to a blender and blend until smooth. Strain the mixture, stir in salt, and set aside. Shred the cooked meat and mix in one cup of the chile sauce. Soak the corn husks in a bowl of warm water. In a large bowl, beat the lard with a tablespoon of the broth until fluffy. Combine the masa harina, baking powder and salt; stir into the lard mixture, adding more broth as necessary to form a spongy dough. Spread the dough out over the corn husks to 1/4 to 1/2 inch thickness. Place one tablespoon of the meat filling into the center. Fold the sides of the husks in toward the center and place in a steamer. Steam for 1 hour. Remove tamales from husks and drizzle remaining chile sauce over. Top with sour cream. For a creamy sauce, mix sour cream into the chile sauce.]
[Combine ice, cranberry juice, pineapple juice, and vodka in a highball glass. Garnish with a lime wedge.]
[Prepare your pastry for a two crust pie. Wipe, quarter, core, peel, and slice apples; measure to 6 cups. Combine sugar and cinnamon. The amount of sugar used depends on how tart your apples are. Arrange apples in layers in pastry lined pie plate. Sprinkle each layer with sugar and cinnamon.  Dot top layer with small pieces of butter or margarine. Cover with top crust. Place on lowest rack in oven preheated to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Bake for 10 minutes, then reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bake for 30 to 35 minutes longer. Serve warm or cold.]
[Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking dish. In a large bowl, beat together butter and sugar. Beat in eggs one at a time. Blend in cream corn, chiles, Monterey Jack and Cheddar cheese. In a separate bowl, stir together flour, cornmeal, baking powder and salt. Add flour mixture to corn mixture; stir until smooth. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven for 1 hour, until a toothpick inserted into center of the pan comes out clean.]
[In a small bowl, stir together the graham cracker crumbs, brown sugar and cinnamon. Add melted butter and mix well. Press into the bottom of an 8 or 10 inch springform pan. Chill until firm. In a medium bowl, beat together the cream cheese and  lemon juice until soft. Add whipping cream and beat with an electric mixer until batter becomes thick. Add the sugar and continue to beat until stiff. Pour into chilled crust, and top with pie filling. Chill several hours or overnight. Just before serving, remove the sides of the springform pan.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).  Line miniature muffin tins (tassie pans) with miniature paper liners. Crush the vanilla wafers, and place 1/2 teaspoon of the crushed vanilla wafers into each paper cup. In a mixing bowl, beat cream cheese, sugar, eggs and vanilla until light and fluffy.  Fill each miniature muffin liner with this mixture, almost to the top. Bake for 15 minutes.  Cool.  Top with a teaspoonful of cherry pie filling.]
[Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Cook egg noodles in boiling water until done, about 8 minutes. Drain. Meanwhile, prepare the sauce. In a large skillet, cook mushrooms and onions in 2 tablespoons of butter over medium heat until soft; remove from pan. Using the same pan, melt remaining butter. Cook ground beef in melted butter until browned. Mix in flour. Stir in beef broth, and cook until slightly thickened. Add mushroom and onion mixture; stir in sour cream. Season to taste with salt and pepper.  Continue cooking until sauce is hot, but not boiling. Serve sauce over egg noodles.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a medium bowl, stir together the cake mix, butter and eggs until smooth and well blended. Mix in the chocolate chips. Drop by spoonfuls onto ungreased baking sheets. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven. Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for 5 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking dish. In a large bowl, mix together the soup, sour cream, butter, dried onion flakes, and pepper. Stir in the hash browns and 1/2 the cheese. Pour into the prepared baking dish, sprinkle with remaining cheese, and top with crushed cornflakes. Bake 45 minutes in the preheated oven, or until cheese is melted and bubbly.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix together the pretzels, 4 1/2 tablespoons sugar and melted butter. Press into the bottom of a 9x13 inch pan. Bake for 10 minutes, or until lightly toasted. Set aside to cool completely.        Watch Now, In a medium bowl, beat the sugar and cream cheese until smooth. Fold in whipped topping. Spread evenly over the cooled crust. Refrigerate until set, about 30 minutes.        Watch Now, In a medium bowl, stir together the gelatin mix and boiling water. Mix in frozen strawberries, and stir until thawed. Pour over cream cheese mixture in pan. Refrigerate until completely chilled, at least 1 hour.        Watch Now]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).  Grease and flour two 9 inch, round, cake pans; cover bottoms with waxed paper. In a large bowl, combine flour, 2 cups sugar, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda, and salt.  Add eggs, milk, oil, and 1 tablespoon vanilla; beat until well blended.  Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake for 35 minutes,  or until wooden toothpick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool layers in pans on wire racks 10 minutes. Loosen edges, and remove to racks to cool completely. Drain cherries, reserving 1/2 cup juice. Combine reserved juice, cherries, 1 cup sugar and cornstarch in a 2 quart saucepan. Cook over low heat until thickened, stirring constantly. Stir in 1 teaspoon vanilla. Cool before using. Combine whipping cream and confectioner's sugar in a chilled medium bowl.  Beat with an electric mixer at high speed until stiff peaks form. With long serrated knife, split each cake layer horizontally in half. Tear one split layer into crumbs; set aside.   Reserve 1 1/2 cups Frosting for decorating cake; set aside.  Gently brush loose crumbs off top and side of each cake layer with pasty brush or hands.  To assemble, place one cake layer on cake plate. Spread with 1 cup frosting; top with 3/4 cup cherry topping.  Top with second cake layer; repeat layers of frosting and cherry topping.  Top with third cake layer.  Frost side of cake.  Pat reserved crumbs onto frosting on side of cake.  Spoon reserved frosting into pastry bag fitted with star decorator tip.  Pipe around top and bottom edges of cake. Spoon remaining cherry topping onto top of cake.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13 inch baking dish. In a large bowl, mix together mashed sweet potatoes, 1/2 cup butter, milk, sugar, vanilla extract, and eggs. Spread sweet potato mixture into the prepared baking dish. In a small bowl, mix together brown sugar and flour. Cut in 1/3 cup butter until mixture is crumbly, then stir in pecans. Sprinkle pecan mixture over the sweet potatoes. Bake for 25 minutes in the preheated oven, or until golden brown.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). In a large bowl, beat eggs until foamy, and stir in melted butter.  Stir in the brown sugar, white sugar and the flour; mix well. Last add the milk, vanilla and nuts. Pour into an unbaked 9-in pie shell. Bake in preheated oven for 10 minutes at 400 degrees, then reduce temperature to 350 degrees and bake for 30 to 40 minutes, or until done.]
[Combine rum and ginger beer in an old-fashioned glass. Add ice and stir.]
[Combine tequila, creme de cacao, and lemon juice in a cocktail shaker. Add ice, cover and shake until chilled. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Pour framboise on top. Garnish with 3 raspberries on a toothpick.]
[Combine gin and vermouth in a cocktail mixing class. Add ice and stir until chilled. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with pearl onions.]
[Combine tequila, vodka, rum, gin, and raspberry liqueur in a highball glass. Fill with ice and top with sour mix.]
[Season short ribs on both sides with salt and black pepper. Heat oil in a heavy-bottomed skillet over medium-high heat. Cook short ribs in batches, turning a few times, until browned on all sides, about 10 minutes per batch. Remove short ribs to a large lidded plastic tub while you make the marinade. Pour 1 1/2 cups water, cider vinegar, and red wine vinegar into the warm skillet and bring to a simmer. Cook and stir, scraping any browned bits off the bottom on the pan. Add juniper berries, cloves, and bay leaves, season with salt and black pepper. Remove from heat and pour in 1 cup cold water. Pour mixture over the ribs and place in an ice bath until chilled, 30 to 40 minutes. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for 24 hours. Melt butter in a large,heavy pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Cook and stir onion, celery, and carrot in the melted butter until the vegetables are softened, about 10 minutes. Add garlic and cook for 1 minute. Place marinated short ribs over the top of the onion mixture. Pour in remaining marinade from the plastic tub and stir in 1 cup water, chicken broth, and sugar. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. Reduce heat and simmer on low, covered, until meat is fork-tender, 3 to 4 hours. Remove meat to a platter. Discard juniper berries, cloves, and bay leaves. Sprinkle cooked onion mixture over the top of the meat, reserving excess cooking liquid in the pan. Place pot with remaining cooking liquid over medium-high heat. Grind gingersnaps in a food processor until fine and to the liquid in the pan. Stir in balsamic vinegar and boil until reduced and thickened, skimming fat, about 20 minutes. Season with salt to taste. Strain gravy through a fine mesh sieve, spoon over the beef, and serve.]
[Combine vodka and coffee liqueur in an old-fashioned glass. Add ice and stir well.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) and lightly spray a 12-cup muffin tin with cooking spray. Combine crab meat, 1/2 cup pepper Jack cheese, mayonnaise, chili paste, lemon zest, and Worcestershire sauce together in a large bowl. Season with salt. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use. Whisk flour, cornmeal, salt, and baking soda together in a large bowl. Stir in eggs, buttermilk,  green onion, and melted butter; whisk until combined. Divide batter evenly in the prepared muffin tin, reaching 3/4 full. Tap the pan on the countertop to remove any air bubbles. Scoop 1 to 2 tablespoons of the crab mixture into the center of each muffin. Lightly press the crab mixture into the batter. Top each muffin using 1/4 cup pepper Jack cheese. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes.]
[Place bacon and olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook until bacon is nearly crisp, 5 to 7 minutes. Add peppers; cook and stir over medium heat until softened, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and drain excess grease from the pan. Season with salt, black pepper, and red pepper flakes; stir to combine.        Watch Now, Return pan to medium heat, add potatoes and stir until warmed through, about 2 minutes. Pour in eggs and slowly stir to form large, soft curds, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle feta cheese over the top and stir gently to incorporate.        Watch Now, Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Place pan under the preheated broiler and cook until the top is set and feta cheese is browned, about 5 minutes.        Watch Now]
[Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Lightly grease a doughnut pan. In a large bowl, mix flour, sugar, baking powder, nutmeg, cinnamon and salt. Stir in milk, eggs, vanilla and shortening. Beat together until well blended. Fill each doughnut cup approximately 3/4 full. Bake 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven, until doughnuts spring back when touched. Allow to cool slightly before removing from pan. To make glaze, blend confectioners' sugar, hot water and almond extract in a small bowl. Dip doughnuts in the glaze when serving.]
[Warm the milk in a small saucepan until it bubbles, then remove from heat.  Let cool until lukewarm. In a small bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water. Let stand until creamy, about 10 minutes. In a large bowl, combine yeast mixture, milk, sugar, oil, baking powder, salt, egg and 3 cups flour. Beat until smooth. Stir in the remaining flour, 1/2 cup at a time, beating well after each addition. When the dough has pulled together, turn it out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 8 minutes. Lightly oil a large bowl, place the dough in the bowl and turn to coat with oil. Cover with a damp cloth and let rise in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 1 hour. Heat brown sugar and 1/2 cup butter until melted. Remove from heat; stir in corn syrup. Divide mixture between two 9x13 inch baking pans. Sprinkle 1/2 cup pecans in each pan. When dough has doubled in size, punch down and turn out onto a lightly floured surface. Roll out into a large rectangle and spread with butter. Sprinkle with sugar and cinnamon. Starting with the long side, roll up the rectangle into a log, and slice into 1 inch wide rolls. Place the rolls slightly apart in pans. Wrap pans with aluminum foil and refrigerate at least 12 hours but no longer than 48. Remove rolls from refrigerator and let stand in a warm place until doubled in size, about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bake uncovered in preheated oven until golden 30 to 35 minutes. Immediately invert pan on heatproof serving plate. Wait for 1 or 2 minutes before removing pan, so that caramel drizzles over rolls.]
[In a large bowl, beat almond paste with an electric mixer to break it apart. Add the almonds, sugar, and salt; continue to mix until the almond paste is no longer lumpy. Stir in the butter, egg whites, almond extract and amaretto liqueur on high speed until its as fluffy as you can get it. Set aside. Using half of the dough at a time, roll it out on a lightly floured surface into a rectangle that is about 8 inches wide and 1/4 inch thick. Trim the edges of the dough. Cut the dough in half lengthwise to make two 4 inch wide strips. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line baking sheets with parchment paper. Fill a pastry bag halfway with the almond filling and pipe a stripe of filling down the center of each strip. Whisk together the egg and water. Brush onto one edge of each strip. Fold each strip over the filling and press gently to seal it. Brush each piece with egg wash and sprinkle sliced almonds over the top. Cut into 3 to 4 inch pieces, then cut 1/2 inch slits into the sealed edge to make the ''claws''.  Place the bear claws at least two inches apart on baking sheets. Refrigerate and repeat with the second half of the dough. Bake in the preheated oven until almonds are toasted and pastry is golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool and dust with confectioners' sugar right before serving.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Grease a 9x9-inch baking pan. Measure 1 cup sifted flour. Add baking powder, baking soda, and salt.  Sift again. Add 1/2 cup chopped nuts. Mix well and set aside. Stir the brown sugar into the melted butter and mix well. Cool slightly. Mix the beaten egg and vanilla into the brown sugar mixture. Add flour mixture, a little at a time, mixing just until combined. Spread the batter into the prepared pan. Sprinkle 1/2 to 1 cup chocolate chips on top.  Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 20 to 25 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a 10x15 inch pan with non-stick cooking spray.        Watch Now, In a large bowl, mix together cake mix and lemon pudding mix. Pour in water and egg whites. Beat on low speed for 1 minute. Increase speed to high and beat for 4 minutes. Pour batter into prepared 10x15 inch pan.        Watch Now, Bake in the preheated oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Allow to cool completely.        Watch Now, In a large bowl, combine milk, lemon extract and vanilla pudding mix. Beat on low for 2 minutes. Fold in whipped topping. Spread over cooled cake. Store cake in refrigerator.        Watch Now]
[In a large resealable plastic bag, mix together the lime juice, water, olive oil, garlic, soy sauce, salt, and liquid smoke flavoring. Stir in cayenne and black pepper. Place desired meat in the marinade, and refrigerate at least 2 hours, or overnight. Cook as desired.]
[In a large skillet over medium heat brown the ground beef. Drain the grease. Add spaghetti sauce and simmer for 5 minutes. In a large bowl, mix together the cottage cheese, 2 cups of the mozzarella cheese, eggs, half of the grated Parmesan cheese, dried parsley, salt and ground black pepper. To assemble, in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish evenly spread 3/4 cup of the sauce mixture. Cover with 3 uncooked lasagna noodles, 1 3/4 cup of the cheese mixture, and 1/4 cup sauce. Repeat layers twice. Top with 3 noodles, remaining sauce, remaining mozzarella and Parmesan cheese. Add 1/2 cup water to the edges of the pan. Cover with aluminum foil. Bake in a preheated 350 degree F(175 degrees C) oven for 45 minutes. Uncover and bake an additional 10 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes before serving.]
[Slice the strawberries and toss them with 1/2 cup of white sugar. Set aside. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Grease and flour one 8 inch round cake pan. In a medium bowl combine the flour, baking powder, 2 tablespoons white sugar and the salt. With a pastry blender cut in the shortening until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Make a well in the center and add the beaten egg and milk. Stir until just combined. Spread the batter into the prepared pan. Bake at 425 degrees F (220 degrees C) for 15 to 20 minutes or until golden brown. Let cool partially in pan on wire rack. Slice partially cooled cake in half, making two layers. Place half of the strawberries on one layer and top with the other layer. Top with remaining strawberries and cover with the whipped cream.]
[Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add potatoes; cook until tender but still firm. Drain and return to stove over low heat to dry for 1 to 2 minutes. Add butter, Parmesan cheese, chives, cream cheese, garlic, salt, and pepper. Use a potato masher to mash until smooth, and serve.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). In a bowl, mix the turkey, milk, bread crumbs, and eggs by hand. Season with salt and pepper. Fold the cheese cubes into the mixture. Transfer to a loaf pan, and top with ketchup. Bake 1 hour in the preheated oven, to an internal temperature of 180 degrees F (85 degrees C).]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Lightly grease a baking sheet. Place eggplant on baking sheet, and make holes in the skin with a fork. Roast it for 30 to 40 minutes, turning occasionally, or until soft. Remove from oven, and place into a large bowl of cold water.  Remove from water, and peel skin off. Place eggplant, lemon juice, tahini, sesame seeds, and garlic in an electric blender, and puree. Season with salt and pepper to taste.  Transfer eggplant mixture to a medium size mixing bowl, and slowly mix in olive oil.  Refrigerate for 3 hours before serving.]
[In a medium bowl, combine tomato, onion, jalapeno pepper (to taste,) cilantro and green onion. Season with garlic powder, salt and pepper. Stir until evenly distributed. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.]
[In an electric food processor or blender, combine beans, broth, salsa, and cumin. Blend until fairly smooth. Heat the bean mixture in a saucepan over medium heat until thoroughly heated. Ladle soup into 4 individual bowls, and top each bowl with 1 tablespoon of the sour cream and 1/2 tablespoon green onion.]
[In a large bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, sour cream, chives, parsley, dill, garlic powder, onion powder, salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes before serving.]
[Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook pasta in boiling water for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente; drain. Heat oil in a large, deep skillet over medium heat. Cook sausage and pepper flakes until sausage is evenly brown. Stir in onion and garlic, and cook until onion is tender. Stir in tomatoes, cream, and salt. Simmer until mixture thickens, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir cooked pasta into sauce, and heat through. Sprinkle with parsley.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large saucepan cook sweet potatoes in salted water over medium-high heat for about 20 minutes, or until done.  Drain, and add orange juice, brown sugar, nutmeg and butter.  Whip until smooth.  Spread into a medium size casserole dish and top with marshmallows. Bake in preheated oven for about 10 minutes, or until marshmallows are golden brown.]
[Bring the turkey stock to a boil in a large saucepan. Stir in soup, and season with poultry seasoning, pepper, seasoned salt, and garlic powder. Reduce heat to low, and let simmer. Warm the milk in the microwave, and whisk in the flour with a fork until there are no lumps. Return the gravy to a boil, and gradually stir in the milk mixture. Continue to cook, stirring constantly, for 1 minute, or until thickened. Be careful not to let the bottom scorch.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Brown sausage in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Drain off grease, and set aside to cool. Pour the eggs into a lightly greased 9x13 inch baking dish. In a separate large bowl, combine the sausage, bread and 12 ounces of the cheese. Mix well and pour this into the egg mixture. Top with the remaining 4 ounces of cheese and cover with foil. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 15 minutes, uncover, and bake until casserole is golden brown and bubbly.]
[Heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook and stir onion and celery in the hot oil until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and salt, and stir for 1 minute. Stir in potato, cauliflower, chicken broth, and water. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until cauliflower is tender and potatoes are easily smashed against the side of the pot, about 30 minutes.        Watch Now, Puree the soup using an immersion blender until smooth. Reduce heat to low, season with cayenne pepper and salt. Pour in cream and stir until warmed. Season with more salt if needed.        Watch Now, Cook bacon in a skillet over medium heat until crisp, about 8 minutes. Transfer cooked bacon to a paper towel lined plate to drain. Toss breadcrumbs in the remaining bacon grease in the skillet, and cook over low heat until toasted and crisp. Stir in cheese and continue to cook until melted. Transfer to a bowl and cool to room temperature. Stir in bacon, lemon zest, and parsley. Toss to coat.        Watch Now, Serve soup garnished with bacon gremolata over the top.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line 36 muffin cups with paper liners.        Watch Now, In a large bowl, mix together the flour, sugar, cocoa, baking soda and 1 teaspoon salt. Make a well in the center and pour in the eggs, 1 cup milk, water, oil and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Mix well. Fill each muffin cup half-full of batter.        Watch Now, Bake in the preheated oven for 15 to 20 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Allow to cool.        Watch Now, Make filling:  In a large bowl, beat butter and shortening together until smooth. Blend in confectioners' sugar and pinch of salt. Gradually beat in 3 tablespoons milk and 1 teaspoon vanilla. beat until light and fluffy. Fill a pastry bag with a small tip.  Push tip through bottom of paper liner to fill each cupcake.        Watch Now]
[Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Grease one 10 inch round cake pan and set aside. In a small saucepan over medium heat combine the water, salt and sugar. Stir until completely dissolved and set aside. Either in the top half of a double boiler or in a microwave oven melt the bittersweet chocolate. Pour the chocolate into the bowl of an electric mixer. Cut the butter into pieces and beat the butter into the chocolate, 1 piece at a time. Beat in the hot sugar-water. Slowly beat in the eggs, one at a time. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Have a pan larger than the cake pan ready, put the cake pan in the larger pan and fill the pan with boiling water halfway up the sides of the cake pan. Bake cake in the water bath at 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) for 45 minutes. The center will still look wet. Chill cake overnight in the pan. To unmold, dip the bottom of the cake pan in hot water for 10 seconds and invert onto a serving plate.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease two 12 cup muffin pans or line with 20 paper baking cups. In a large bowl, beat the butter and sugar with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Mix in the eggs, buttermilk, red food coloring and vanilla. Stir in the baking soda and vinegar. Combine the flour, cocoa powder and salt; stir into the batter just until blended. Spoon the batter into the prepared cups, dividing evenly. Bake in the preheated oven until the tops spring back when lightly pressed, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool in the pan set over a wire rack. When cool, arrange the cupcakes on a serving platter and frost with desired frosting.]
[Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Combine sugar and flour. Sprinkle 1/4 of it over pastry in pie plate. Heap rhubarb over this mixture. Sprinkle with remaining sugar and flour. Dot with small pieces of butter. Cover with top crust. Place pie on lowest rack in oven. Bake for 15 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and continue baking for 40 to 45 minutes. Serve warm or cold.]
[To make a frozen hand, wash a disposable glove, fill with water, seal with a rubber band and freeze until hard. Stir together grape soft drink mix, orange soft drink mix, sugar and water until solids are dissolved.  Combine with chilled ginger ale just before serving.  Dip the frozen hand briefly in warm water, then peel off the glove.  Float the prepared hand in the punch bowl for a ghastly effect.]
[In a small bowl, whisk together olive oil, white balsamic vinegar, garlic, and mustard powder.  Season to taste with salt and black pepper. Stir in minced fresh herbs if desired.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour 3 - 9 inch round pans. Sift together the flour, baking soda and salt. Set aside. In a small saucepan, heat water and 4 ounces chocolate until melted. Remove from heat and allow to cool. In a large bowl, cream 1 cup butter and 2 cups sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in 4 egg yolks one at a time. Blend in the melted chocolate mixture and vanilla.  Beat in the flour mixture alternately with the buttermilk, mixing just until incorporated. In a large glass or metal mixing bowl, beat egg whites until stiff peaks form. Fold 1/3 of the whites into the batter, then quickly  fold in remaining whites until no streaks remain. Pour into 3 - 9 inch pans Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Allow to cool for 10 minutes in the pan, then turn out onto wire rack. To make the Filling:  In a saucepan combine 1 cup sugar, evaporated milk, 1/2 cup butter, and 3 egg yolks. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly until thickened. Remove from heat. Stir in coconut, pecans and vanilla. Cool until thick enough to spread. Spread filling between layers and on top of cake. In a small saucepan, melt shortening and 1 ounce of chocolate. Stir until smooth and drizzle down the sides of the cake.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C).  Lightly grease 2 cookie sheets. Cream together sugar and butter.  Beat in egg yolks and vanilla. Add  flour, baking soda, and cream of tartar. Stir. Form dough into walnut size balls and place 2 inches apart on cookie sheet. Don't flatten.  Bake 10 to 11 minutes, until tops are cracked and just turning color.]
[In a bowl, mix the peanut butter, coconut milk, water, lime juice, soy sauce, fish sauce, hot sauce, ginger, and garlic. Mix in the cilantro just before serving.]
[In a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat, cook the sausage, beef, onion, and garlic until well browned; drain fat. Stir in crushed tomatoes, tomato paste, tomato sauce, and water. Mix in sugar and season with basil, fennel seed, Italian seasoning, salt, and pepper. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer 1 1/2 hours, stirring occasionally.        Watch Now]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).        Watch Now, In a large bowl, mash the bananas.  Stir in oats, dates, oil, and vanilla.  Mix well, and allow to sit for 15 minutes. Drop by teaspoonfuls onto an ungreased cookie sheet.        Watch Now, Bake for 20 minutes in the preheated oven, or until lightly brown.        Watch Now]
[Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Place the green beans in the pot, and cook briefly, removing after 3 to 4 minutes. Drain, and rinse with cold water. Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat. Stir in the mustard seed and garlic, and cook until golden brown. Mix in the chile pepper. Place the green beans in the skillet, and season with salt and sugar. Cook and stir 8 minutes, or until tender. Season with pepper to serve.]
[Heat oil in a large pot over medium-high heat.  Stir in rice, and cook for 2 minutes.  Pour in the coconut milk, chicken stock, cumin, coriander, red pepper flakes, salt, turmeric, bay leaf, raisins, and cashew halves.  Bring to a boil, then cover, and reduce heat to low.  Cook until rice is tender, about 20 minutes.]
[In a blender, chop garlic. Pour garbanzo beans into the blender, reserving about 1 tablespoon for garnish. Add reserved liquid, lemon juice, tahini, and salt to the blender. Blend until creamy and well mixed. Transfer the mixture to a medium serving bowl. Sprinkle with pepper and pour olive oil over the top. Garnish with reserved garbanzo beans.]
[Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch casserole dish. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add lasagna noodles and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain. Heat oil in a large cast iron skillet over medium heat. When oil is hot add broccoli, carrots, onions, bell peppers, zucchini and garlic. Saute for 7 minutes; set aside. Place flour in a medium saucepan and gradually whisk in milk until well blended. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Cook 5 minutes, or until thick, stirring constantly. Stir in 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese, salt and pepper; cook for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Remove from heat; stir in spinach. Reserve 1/2 cup spinach mixture. In a small bowl, combine cottage and ricotta cheeses; stir well. Spread about 1/2 cup of spinach mixture in the bottom of the prepared pan. Layer noodles, ricotta mixture, vegetables, spinach mixture, and 2 cups mozzarella cheese, ending with noodles. Top with reserved spinach mixture, 1/2 cup mozzarella cheese and 1/4 cup parmesan cheese. Bake in preheated oven for 35 minutes, or until lightly browned on top. Cool for approximately 10 minutes before serving.]
[Cream butter in a mixing bowl. Gradually beat in the sugar with an electric mixer until light colored and well blended. Stir in the thoroughly cooled chocolate, and vanilla extract. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating 5 minutes on medium speed after each addition. Spoon the chocolate filling into a cooled, baked pie shell. Refrigerate at least 2 hours before serving.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and lightly grease a 9x9 inch baking dish. In a medium bowl, combine butter, eggs, corn bread mix, whole and creamed corn and sour cream. Spoon mixture into prepared dish. Bake for 45 minutes in the preheated oven, or until the top is golden brown.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degree F (175 degree C). Coat a 2 quart casserole dish with cooking spray. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook onion in oil for 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Stir in the ground beef and basil, and cook and stir for 5 more minutes. Mix in the garlic, green beans, and tomatoes, and simmer for 5 minutes. Transfer beef mixture to prepared dish. In a mixing bowl, mix together the mashed potatoes, egg, and water. Spread evenly over meat mixture. Bake in a preheated oven for 15 to 20 minutes, or until potatoes start to brown on top. Sprinkle with cheese, and continue cooking for 5 minutes.]
[In a large bowl, beat butter and peanut butter until light and fluffy. Slowly beat in 1/2 of  the confectioner's sugar. Mix in 1/4 cup of the cream. Beat in the remaining confectioners' sugar. If necessary, add a little more cream or milk until the frosting reaches a good spreading consistency. Makes enough to frost one 2 layer 9 inch cake or one 9x13 inch cake.]
[In a bowl, toss together the tomatoes, basil, Parmesan cheese, and garlic. Mix in the balsamic vinegar, olive oil, kosher salt, and pepper. Serve on toasted bread slices.]
[In a shallow glass dish, stir together the honey, soy sauce, balsamic vinegar, ginger, garlic and olive oil. Season fish fillets with salt and pepper, and place them into the dish. If the fillets have skin on them, place them skin side down. Cover, and refrigerate for 20 minutes to marinate. Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Remove fish from the dish, and reserve marinade. Fry fish for 4 to 6 minutes on each side, turning only once, until fish flakes easily with a fork. Remove fillets to a serving platter and keep warm. Pour reserved marinade into the skillet, and heat over medium heat until the mixture reduces to a glaze consistently. Spoon glaze over fish, and serve immediately.]
[Place lime juice, olive oil, garlic, salt, and cayenne pepper in a small jar. Cover with lid, and shake until ingredients are well mixed. In a salad bowl, combine beans, corn, avocado, bell pepper, tomatoes, green onions, and cilantro. Shake lime dressing, and pour it over the salad.  Stir salad to coat vegetables and beans with dressing, and serve.]
[Season pork chops with salt and black pepper. Heat oil and butter in a heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Cook pork chops in the hot oil mixture until browned on both sides and pork is slightly pink in the center, 5 to 7 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Remove pan from the heat; transfer pork chops to a plate. Stir garlic into the pan and place over medium-high heat; cook and stir for 30 seconds. Pour in vinegar and scrape up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Add apple cider and Dijon mustard, bring mixture to a boil, and cook until sauce is reduced and thick, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in rosemary and red pepper flakes; season with salt and black pepper to taste. Return pork chops to the pan to warm slightly, 1 to 2 minutes per side.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease a 15x10x1 inch baking pan and line with parchment paper. Grease and flour the paper. In a large bowl, beat eggs on high for five minutes. Gradually add white sugar and pumpkin. Add flour, cinnamon, and baking soda. Spread batter evenly in pan. Sprinkle walnuts evenly on top. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 15 minutes or until cake springs back when lightly touched. Immediately turn out onto a linen towel dusted with confectioners sugar. Peel off paper and roll cake up in the towel, starting with the short end. Cool. To Make Filling: Mix confectioners sugar, vanilla, butter or margarine, and cream cheese together till smooth. Carefully unroll the cake. Spread filling over cake to within 1 inch of edges. Roll up again. Cover and chill until serving. Dust with additional confectioners' sugar, if desired.]
[Bake cupcakes according to the directions on the package. Allow them to cool completely. Scoop 2/3 of the frosting into a small bowl and mix with green food coloring. Frost the cupcakes. Sprinkle some of the green sugar over the tops. Cut the marshmallows in half to make two circles. Dip half of each marshmallow piece into water and dip into the green sugar to make the eyelids. The remaining white will be the eyes. Place on the cupcakes. Use a little bit of white icing to glue a chocolate chip into the center of each eye for the pupil. Mix the remaining frosting with red food coloring to make pink. Use the pink icing to draw smiling mouths and nostrils or even tongues on the frogs.]
[Place eggs in a medium saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring water to a boil and immediately remove from heat. Cover and let eggs stand in hot water for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from hot water, cool and peel. In a medium saucepan over medium heat, mix together the vinegar, water and pickling spice. Bring to a boil and mix in the garlic and bay leaf. Remove from heat. Transfer the eggs to sterile containers. Fill the containers with the hot vinegar mixture, seal and refrigerate 8 to 10 days before serving.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Rinse turkey, and pat dry. Gently loosen turkey breast skin, and insert pieces of butter between the skin and breast. Place apples inside the turkey's cavity. Sprinkle with garlic powder, salt, and pepper. Place turkey in a roasting bag, and pour Champagne over the inside and outside of the bird. Close bag, and place turkey in a roasting pan. Bake turkey 3 to 3 1/2 hours in the preheated oven, or until the internal temperature is 180 degrees F (85 degrees C) when measured in the meatiest part of the thigh. Remove turkey from bag, and let stand for at least 20 minutes before carving.]
[Melt butter in large skillet over medium heat; heat oil in the melted butter. Cook and stir 1/2 diced onion until translucent, about 8 minutes. Add garlic and cook and stir for 1 minute. Remove from heat. Stir in 1 teaspoon black pepper, cumin, cinnamon, cayenne pepper, and oregano. Set  aside to cool to room temperature. Combine lamb, rice, 2 teaspoons salt, 1/4 cup parsley, almonds, and currants in a large bowl. Add cooled onion mixture and mix until combined. Cover and place in the refrigerator until ready to use. Fill a large pot halfway with water and bring to a boil. Remove the core from the cabbage head and place the head in the boiling water. Cover and simmer until leaves begin to fall away, about 5 minutes. Remove the 2 outer layers of leaves to a paper towel-lined plate, cover and continue cooking for 1 to 2 more minutes. Remove the remaining large leaves to the plate. You will need 8 large and about 7 smaller leaves. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Take 1 cabbage leaf and remove the root end. Place about 1/2 cup of the lamb mixture toward the bottom edge of the cabbage leaf and roll into a log. Repeat with remaining lamb mixture and 7 more large leaves to create 8 cabbage rolls. Line the bottom of a large casserole dish or Dutch oven with 4 or 5 smaller cabbage leaves. Place cabbage rolls on top; season with salt and black pepper. Add bay leaves and tomato puree. Pour in chicken broth. Sprinkle 1/2 sliced onion over the top and cover with 3 or 4 more cabbage leaves. Cover casserole. Bake in the preheated oven until the lamb is tender and the rice is cooked, 1 hour and 15 minutes to 1 hour and 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to rest for 30 minutes. Serve with pan juices poured over the top and garnished with feta cheese and 2 tablespoons parsley.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Cream butter and sugar until fluffy.  Stir in vanilla; add flour and mix well. Put through cookie press and form cookies onto baking sheets.  Bake for 10 - 12 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease muffin cups or use paper muffin liners. Mix together wheat bran and milk, and let stand for 10 minutes. In a large bowl, mix together applesauce, egg, brown sugar, and vanilla. Beat in bran mixture. Sift together all-purpose flour, whole wheat flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Stir into bran mixture until just blended. Fold in blueberries. Scoop into muffin cups. Bake in preheated oven for 15 to 20 minutes, or until tops spring back when lightly tapped.]
[Fill a highball glass with 1 1/2 cups ice and set aside. Combine tequila and orange juice in a cocktail mixing glass. Add 1 cup ice, stir, and strain into the prepared highball glass. Slowly pour in grenadine and let settle. Stir before drinking.]
[Combine the gelatin with hot water (don't let stand). Grind cranberries and orange (including rind) mix with sugar. Stir in nuts, celery and pineapple. Mix with prepared gelatin and chill.]
[Sprinkle sugar on a small plate. Lightly wet half the rim of of a coupe glass with a damp paper towel. Dip the moistened rim in sugar to coat. Set the glass in the refrigerator to chill. Combine Cognac, orange-flavored liqueur, and lemon juice in a cocktail shaker. Add ice, cover, and shake until  chilled. Strain into the chilled, sugar-rimmed coupe.]
[Season the cube steaks on both sides with salt and pepper. Pour the flour onto a shallow plate and press the steaks into the flour; shake off the excess flour. Heat the oil in a large skillet with lid over medium-high heat. Place the steaks into the hot oil, and cook until golden brown on both sides, about 3 minutes per side. Pour water into the skillet to almost cover the steaks. Stir the beef bouillon and salt to taste into the water. Bring to a boil; reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until very tender, about 2 hours.]
[In a food processor, combine cranberries, pineapple, apples and oranges. Blend into small chunks, add sugar if needed. Chill and serve.]
[In a large saucepan over medium heat, mix together the ketchup, tomato sauce, brown sugar, wine vinegar, molasses, liquid smoke and butter. Season with garlic powder, onion powder, chili powder, paprika, celery seed, cinnamon, cayenne, salt and pepper.        Watch Now, Reduce heat to low, and simmer for up to 20 minutes. For thicker sauce, simmer longer, and for thinner, less time is needed. Sauce can also be thinned using a bit of water if necessary. Brush sauce onto any kind of meat during the last 10 minutes of cooking.        Watch Now]
[In a food processor, grinder, or blender, combine the cranberries, orange and sugar. Blend until evenly chopped. Stir in the liqueur and refrigerate for several hours to allow flavors to blend.]
[In microwave dish combine chocolate chips and 1/2 of the cream. Cook on high for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds until smooth.  Cool to room temperature. Stir in sugar &amp; vanilla. Set aside. In small bowl, beat the rest of the cream until soft peaks form.  Beat in chocolate mixture on high speed 1/3 at a time. mix well and spoon into crust. Refrigerate at least 8 hours before serving.]
[Preheat the oven's broiler. Place the pork chops on a broiling pan and set under the broiler. Cook for about 5 minutes, turning once, or until browned on each side. Open the French rolls and spread mayonnaise on the insides. Place one of the cooked pork chops into each roll. Spread chile sauce directly on the meat. Sprinkle with a little lime juice and top with slices of onion, cucumber, cilantro, salt and pepper. Finish with another quick drizzle of lime juice.]
[Bring the rice and water to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the rice is tender and the liquid has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes. Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat, and cook and stir the garlic until fragrant and soft, about 3 minutes. Stir in the ground beef. Cook and stir the meat, breaking it into crumbles as it cooks, until browned and the meat is no longer pink inside, about 10 minutes. Drain off excess grease. Place hot cooked rice, ground beef, salt and pepper, and 1/2 cup of pasta sauce in a bowl, and mix thoroughly together. Mix in the Parmesan and mozzarella cheese until mozzarella cheese melts. Scoop up handfuls of rice mixture, and gently form into  2 1/2-inch balls. Place balls on a baking sheet, and refrigerate until cool and firm, about 20 minutes. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Remove the rice balls from the refrigerator, and roll each in beaten egg and then bread crumbs to thoroughly coat. Return to baking sheet, and bake until the outside of the rice balls is crispy, about 25 minutes. Heat 1 1/2 cups of pasta sauce in a saucepan over medium heat, and cover rice balls with heated sauce to serve.]
[Slice tomatoes 1/2 inch thick. Discard the ends. Whisk eggs and milk together in a medium-size bowl. Scoop flour onto a plate. Mix cornmeal, bread crumbs and salt and pepper on another plate. Dip tomatoes into flour to coat. Then dip the tomatoes into milk and egg mixture. Dredge in breadcrumbs to completely coat. In a large skillet, pour vegetable oil (enough so that there is 1/2 inch of oil in the pan) and heat over a medium heat. Place tomatoes into the frying pan in batches of 4 or 5, depending on the size of your skillet. Do not crowd the tomatoes, they should not touch each other. When the tomatoes are browned, flip and fry them on the other side. Drain them on paper towels.]
[Whisk together the chili sauce, lemon juice and grape jelly. Pour into slow cooker and simmer over low heat until warm. Combine ground beef, egg, onion and salt. Mix well and form into 1 inch balls. Add to sauce and simmer for 1 1/2 hours.]
[Preheat your oven's broiler, and grease a broiling pan. In a saucepan over medium heat, mix together the apricot nectar, dried apricots, honey, soy sauce, ginger, garlic, cinnamon and cayenne. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer for about 20 minutes, or until reduced by about half. Stir occasionally to prevent burning. Remove 1/4 cup of the glaze for basting, and set the remaining aside. Place the salmon filet on the greased broiling pan, and brush with glaze. Broil 3 inches from the heat for 8 to 12 minutes, or until salmon flakes easily with a fork. Gently turn over once during cooking, and baste frequently during the last 4 minutes. Serve with remaining glaze.]
[Combine salt and fennel seeds in a mortar and pestle and pound until fine. Stir cumin, cinnamon, coriander, turmeric, and garlic cloves into the salt mixture and continue grinding to form a thick paste. Stir in harissa sauce and tomato paste until combined. Combine ground lamb and the spice paste together with a fork in a large bowl. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Form sausage into patties. Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook patties until no longer pink inside, 5 to 8 minutes per side, depending on the size of the patties.]
[Whisk together mayonnaise, rice vinegar, miso, and chile-garlic sauce in a large bowl. Stir cabbage, pear, and ginger into the mayonnaise mixture until well coated. Stir in green onions and sesame seeds. Season with salt to taste.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat. Combine sweet potatoes, chipotle pepper, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large bowl and toss to coat. Spread sweet potatoes on the prepared baking sheet in a single layer.        Watch Now, Roast sweet potatoes in the preheated oven until the outside is crunchy and inside is tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Allow to cool to room temperature.        Watch Now, Cook and stir remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, onion, garlic, red bell pepper, jalapeno pepper, ancho chile powder, cumin, and dried oregano together in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Cook and stir until onion is softened, about 5 minutes.        Watch Now, Pour tomatoes and water into the onion mixture and bring to a simmer. Add cornmeal, 1 teaspoon salt, sugar, and cocoa powder. Bring to a simmer, stirring constantly, reduce heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes.        Watch Now, Stir black beans and cooled sweet potatoes into the onion-tomato mixture. Add more water if mixture is too thick. Simmer until heated through, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and cayenne pepper to taste. Serve topped with sour cream and cilantro.        Watch Now]
[Combine pumpkin, sugar, vegetable oil, and egg.  In a separate bowl, stir together flour, baking powder, ground cinnamon, and salt. Dissolve the baking soda with the milk and stir in. Add flour mixture to pumpkin mixture and mix well. Add vanilla, chocolate chips and nuts. Drop by spoonful on greased cookie sheet and bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for approximately 10 minutes or until lightly brown and firm.]
[Let bread slices air dry for 1 to 2 hours, then cut into cubes. In a Dutch oven, melt butter or margarine over medium heat. Cook onion and celery until soft. Season with poultry seasoning, salt, and pepper. Stir in bread cubes until evenly coated. Moisten with chicken broth; mix well. Chill, and use as a stuffing for turkey, or bake in a buttered casserole dish at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 40 minutes.]
[Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease a 2 quart casserole dish. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add celery and onion; cook and stir until tender, about 5 minutes. Mix in the bread crumbs and parsley and remove from the heat. Add the oysters and eggs, and season with salt, pepper, poultry seasoning and thyme. Stir in enough liquid from the oysters to moisten and mix everything thoroughly. Transfer to the casserole dish. Bake in the preheated oven until the top is toasted and a knife inserted into the center comes out clean, about 45 minutes.]
[Lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking dish. Arrange half the bread cubes in the dish, and top with cream cheese cubes. Sprinkle 1 cup blueberries over the cream cheese, and top with remaining bread cubes. In a large bowl, mix the eggs, milk, vanilla extract, and syrup. Pour over the bread cubes. Cover, and refrigerate overnight. Remove the bread cube mixture from the refrigerator about 30 minutes before baking. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Cover, and bake 30 minutes. Uncover, and continue baking 25 to 30 minutes, until center is firm and surface is lightly browned. In a medium saucepan, mix the sugar, cornstarch, and water. Bring to a boil. Stirring constantly, cook 3 to 4 minutes. Mix in the remaining 1 cup blueberries. Reduce heat, and simmer 10 minutes, until the blueberries burst. Stir in the butter, and pour over the baked French toast]
[In a medium bowl, mix 3/4 Italian dressing, cayenne pepper, black pepper, Creole seasoning, and garlic powder. Rub over turkey, using remaining Italian dressing to fill cavity. Allow turkey to marinate 8 hours, or overnight, before deep-frying as desired.]
[Place bacon in a large skillet. Cook over medium-high heat until evenly brown. Drain and set aside. Add the mushrooms and onion to the skillet; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent and the mushrooms are tender, about 5 minutes.        Watch Now, Grease a 9x13-inch casserole dish with the tablespoon of butter. Place potatoes in bottom of prepared dish.  Sprinkle with salt, garlic salt, and pepper. Top with crumbled bacon, then add the onions and mushrooms.        Watch Now, In a mixing bowl, beat the eggs with the milk and parsley. Pour the beaten eggs over the casserole and top with grated cheese. Cover and refrigerate overnight.        Watch Now, Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).        Watch Now, Bake in preheated oven for 1 hour or until set.        Watch Now]
[Place sausage in a large, deep skillet; cook over medium-high heat until evenly brown, about 10 minutes. Remove sausage from the skillet and let drain on paper towels. Combine melted margarine with the sausage drippings until there is 1 cup of drippings and margarine combined. Cook and stir onion and celery in the margarine-dripping mixture in the same skillet over medium heat until onion is tender but not browned, about 10 minutes . Stir in about 1/3 of the bread cubes. Pour onion mixture into a large bowl and stir in remaining bread cubes, sausage, poultry seasoning, and pepper. Watch your hands, it's hot. Mix well. This stuffing is ready for baking.]
[Combine flour, oats, sugar, baking powder, soda, and salt. In a large bowl, beat the egg lightly.  Stir in the milk, oil, and vanilla.  Add the mashed banana, and combine thoroughly.  Stir the flour mixture into the banana mixture until just combined.  Line a 12-cup muffin tin with paper bake cups, and divide the batter among them. Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 18 to 20 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).        Watch Now, In a bowl, combine sage, salt, pepper, and garlic. Rub thoroughly all over pork. Place pork in an uncovered roasting pan on the middle oven rack.        Watch Now, Bake in the preheated oven approximately 3 hours, or until the internal temperature reaches at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C), depending upon your desired doneness.        Watch Now, Meanwhile, place sugar, cornstarch, vinegar, water, and soy sauce in a small saucepan. Heat, stirring occasionally, until mixture begins to bubble and thicken slightly. Brush roast with glaze 3 or 4 times during the last 1/2 hour of cooking. Pour remaining glaze over roast, and serve.        Watch Now]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat.  Saute onion for 2 minutes.  Stir in flour and cook 1 minute, stirring constantly.  Stir in milk, salt, mustard and pepper; cook, stirring frequently, until mixture boils and thickens. Meanwhile,  bring a pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add macaroni and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain. To the milk mixture add the Cheddar and American cheeses; stir until cheese melts.  Combine macaroni and cheese sauce in a 2 quart baking dish; mix well. Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes, or until hot and bubbly.  Let cool 10 minutes before serving.]
[In a large bowl, mix the shortening, sugar, and hot water. Allow to cool until lukewarm, and mix in the yeast until dissolved. Mix in the egg, salt, and flour. Allow the dough to rise until doubled in size. Grease 8 muffin cups. Divide the dough into the prepared muffin cups, and allow to rise again until doubled in size. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Bake for 10 minutes in the preheated oven, or until a knife inserted in the center of a muffin comes out clean.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease an 8 1/2 x 4 1/2 inch loaf pan. Combine milk and soft bread crumbs in a small bowl and allow to soften, about 5 minutes. In a mixing bowl, combine the ground beef, salt, pepper, egg, 3 tablespoons steak sauce, chopped onion, and green bell pepper. Add bread crumb mixture, and mix with your hands until all ingredients are combined. Pat the the mixture into the prepared loaf pan. Brush the top with additional steak sauce. Bake in the preheated oven for 1 hour or until done. Allow to stand 5 minutes before slicing.]
[Preheat an oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Place the asparagus into a mixing bowl, and drizzle with the olive oil. Toss to coat the spears, then sprinkle with Parmesan cheese, garlic, salt, and pepper. Arrange the asparagus onto a baking sheet in a single layer. Bake in the preheated oven until just tender, 12 to 15 minutes depending on thickness. Sprinkle with lemon juice just before serving.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). In a skillet over medium heat, brown the ground beef until no pink shows; drain.  Mix in the ham, bell pepper, onions, pizza sauce and mushrooms. Lay pizza dough flat on cookie sheet.  Distribute pepperoni slices over dough.  Place a heaping pile of the sauce mixture on one side of dough (some may be left over).  Sprinkle with mozzarella cheese.  Fold dough over and pinch ends and sides together.  Poke holes in the top and brush melted butter on it. Cook in a preheated oven for 30 minutes or until golden brown.  Slice into individual sections to serve.]
[Place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown. Drain, crumble, and set aside. Put lamb, salt, pepper, and flour in large mixing bowl. Toss to coat meat evenly. Brown meat in frying pan with bacon fat. Place meat into stock pot (leave 1/4 cup of fat in frying pan). Add the garlic and yellow onion and saute till onion begins to become golden. Deglaze frying pan with 1/2 cup water and add the garlic-onion mixture to the stock pot with bacon pieces, beef stock, and sugar. Cover and simmer for 1 1/2 hours. Add carrots, onions, potatoes, thyme, bay leaves, and wine to pot. Reduce heat, and simmer covered for 20 minutes until vegetables are tender.]
[In a large bowl, beat together eggs, flour, baking powder, salt, and pepper. Mix in potatoes and onion. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. In batches, drop heaping tablespoonfuls of the potato mixture into the skillet. Press to flatten. Cook about 3 minutes on each side, until browned and crisp. Drain on paper towels.]
[Put beer, butter, sugar, salt, flour, and yeast in a bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer. Select Dough setting, and press Start. Remove dough from bread machine when cycle is complete. Roll or press dough to cover a prepared pizza pan. Brush lightly with olive oil. Cover and let stand 15 minutes. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Spread sauce and toppings on top of dough. Bake until crust is lightly brown and crispy on the outside, about 24 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease muffin cups or line with paper muffin liners. Mix together wheat bran and buttermilk; let stand for 10 minutes. Beat together oil, egg, sugar and vanilla and add to buttermilk/bran mixture. Sift together flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt. Stir flour mixture into buttermilk mixture, until just blended. Fold in raisins and spoon batter into prepared muffin tins. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of a muffin comes out clean. Cool and enjoy!]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Stir together crushed pretzels, melted butter and 3 tablespoons sugar; mix well and press mixture into the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish. Bake 8 to 10 minutes, until set.  Set aside to cool. In a large mixing bowl cream together cream cheese and 1 cup sugar.  Fold in whipped topping.  Spread mixture onto cooled crust. Dissolve gelatin in boiling water.  Stir in still frozen strawberries and allow to set briefly.  When mixture is about the consistency of egg whites, pour and spread over cream cheese layer.  Refrigerate until set.]
[Steep the saffron in 1/2 cup boiling water. In a skillet that can be tightly covered, melt the butter over medium-high heat.  Stir in the rice and salt.  Cook, stirring constantly, until the rice begins to absorb the butter and becomes opaque, but do not brown the rice. Quickly pour in the remaining 1 1/2 cups boiling water along with the saffron water.  Cover immediately, reduce heat to low, and cook 20 minutes, or until all of the liquid is absorbed.  For best results, do not remove the lid while the rice is cooking.]
[Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C). Butter and flour a baking sheet. In a glass or metal bowl, whip egg whites until foamy using an electric mixer. Sprinkle in sugar a little at a time, while continuing to whip at medium speed. When the mixture becomes stiff and shiny like satin, stop mixing, and transfer the mixture to a large pastry bag. Pipe the meringue out onto the prepared baking sheet using a large round tip or star tip. Place the meringues in the oven and place a wooden spoon handle in the door to keep it from closing all the way. Bake for 3 hours, or until the meringues are dry, and can easily be removed from the pan. Allow cookies to cool completely before storing in an airtight container at room temperature.]
[In a large saucepan or stockpot, bring potatoes and chicken broth to a boil. Cook until potatoes are tender. Meanwhile, place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown. Drain, reserving 3 tablespoons of grease and set aside. Sautee the leeks in the frying pan with the reserved bacon grease 8 to 10 minutes. When the potatoes are tender, stir in the fried leeks, heavy cream and bacon. Stir to blend and remove from heat. Serve hot.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Butter a 1 1/2 quart casserole dish. Bring a saucepan of lightly salted water to a boil. Add macaroni, and cook until not quite done, about 6 minutes. Drain. In a separate saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Blend in the flour, mustard powder, and pepper until smooth. Slowly stir in the milk, beating out any lumps. Add the American and processed cheeses, and stir constantly until the sauce is thick and smooth. Drain noodles, and stir them into the cheese sauce. Transfer the mixture to the prepared casserole dish. Sprinkle bread crumbs over the top. Cover the dish, and bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until sauce is thick and bubbly.]
[In a medium saucepan, over medium to high heat, bring the beer to a boil. If lobster tails are still in the shell, split the shell lengthwise first. Place a steamer basket on top of the saucepan. place thawed lobster tails in basket and cover. Reduce heat and simmer for 8 minutes.]
[In a large stock pot, combine the vegetable broth, sea salt, rosemary, sage, thyme, and savory. Bring to a boil, stirring frequently to be sure salt is dissolved. Remove from heat, and let cool to room temperature. When the broth mixture is cool, pour it into a clean 5 gallon bucket. Stir in the ice water. Wash and dry your turkey.  Make sure you have removed the innards. Place the turkey, breast down, into the brine. Make sure that the cavity gets filled.  Place the bucket in the refrigerator overnight. Remove the turkey carefully draining off the excess brine and pat dry.  Discard excess brine. Cook the turkey as desired reserving the drippings for gravy.  Keep in mind that brined turkeys cook 20 to 30 minutes faster so watch the temperature gauge.]
[Prepare cake according to package directions.  Bake in a 9x13 inch pan.  Cool completely. In a small bowl combine cream of coconut and condensed milk. Poke holes in cake with a straw.  Pour milk mixture over cake and spread with whipped topping.  Sprinkle coconut over cake. Serve chilled.]
[In a small bowl, combine the honey, mustard, rosemary, ground black pepper, lemon zest and garlic. Mix well and apply to the lamb. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator overnight. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Place lamb on a rack in a roasting pan and sprinkle with salt to taste. Bake at 450 degrees F (230 degrees C) for 20 minutes, then reduce heat to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C) and roast for 55 to 60 more minutes for medium rare. The internal temperature should be at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C) when taken with a meat thermometer. Let the roast rest for about 10 minutes before carving.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter one 9 or 10 inch springform pan. Combine the chocolate wafer crumbs, softened butter, 2 tablespoons white sugar, and the cinnamon. Mix well and press mixture into the buttered springform pan, set aside. In a medium sized bowl beat the softened cream cheese until smooth. Gradually add 1 cup white sugar mixing until well blended. Add eggs, one at a time. Beat at low speed until very smooth. Melt the 8 ounces semisweet chocolate with 2 tablespoons whipping cream in a pan or bowl set over boiling water, stir until smooth. Add chocolate mixture to cream cheese mixture and blend well. Stir in sour cream, salt, coffee, 1/4 cup coffee liqueur, and vanilla; beat until smooth. Pour mixture into prepared pan. Bake in the center of oven at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes. Center will be soft but will firm up when chilled. Do not over bake. Leave cake in oven with the heat turned off and the door ajar for 45 minutes. Remove cake from oven and chill for 12 hours. Just before serving top cake with mounds of flavored whipped cream and garnish with chocolate leaves. Yields 16 servings. To Make Flavored Whipped Cream: Beat whipping cream until soft peaks form, then beat in confectioner's sugar and 2 tablespoons coffee liqueur. To Make Chocolate Leaves:  Melt 1 ounce semisweet chocolate in a pan or bowl set over boiling water, stir until smooth. Brush real non-toxic plant leaves (such as orange leaves) on one side with melted chocolate. Freeze until firm and then peel off leaves. Freeze chocolate leaves until needed.]
[In a 2 quart saucepan, simmer the giblets, salt, pepper, bouillon, celery and onion in 1 quart of water for 40 to 50 minutes. Discard celery, onion and gizzard. Chop liver and neck meat and return to pan. Add chicken broth or if you have a turkey, use drippings (about 1 1/2 cups and 1 can of chicken broth). Chop eggs and add to broth. Mix cornstarch and milk together and slowly add to broth. Stir well until thickened. Reduce heat to low.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and rice flour two 8 or 9 inch round cake pans. Mix the white rice flour, tapioca flour, salt, baking soda, baking powder and xanthan gum together and set aside. Mix the eggs, sugar, and mayonnaise until fluffy. Add the flour mixture, milk and vanilla and mix well. Spread batter into the prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 minutes. Cakes are done when they spring back when lightly touched or when a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean. Let cool completely then frost, if desired.]
[Mix graham cracker crumbs, sugar, melted butter or margarine, and cinnamon until well blended . Press mixture into an 8 or 9 inch pie plate. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 7 minutes.  Cool.  If recipe calls for unbaked pie shell, just chill for about 1 hour.]
[Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease 24 muffin cups, or line with paper muffin liners. Whisk together the flour, pudding mix, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, ground ginger, allspice, cloves, and crystallized ginger in a bowl; set aside.        Watch Now, Beat the butter, white sugar, and brown sugar with an electric mixer in a large bowl until light and fluffy. The mixture should be noticeably lighter in color. Add the eggs one at a time, allowing each egg to blend into the butter mixture before adding the next. Beat in the vanilla and pumpkin puree with the last egg. Stir in the flour mixture, mixing until just incorporated. Pour the batter into the prepared muffin cups.        Watch Now, Bake in the preheated oven until golden and the tops spring back when lightly pressed, about 20 minutes. Cool in the pans for 10 minutes before removing to cool completely on a wire rack.        Watch Now]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and grease an 8x8 inch square baking dish. Stir together the gluten-free baking mix, cornstarch, white sugar, brown sugar, cocoa powder, and baking soda in a bowl, sifting with a fork to remove lumps.  Pour in the eggs and melted margarine, and mix with a large spoon or electric mixer on low until the mixture forms a smooth batter, 3 to 5 minutes. Scrape the batter into the prepared baking dish. Place a sheet of aluminum foil on the oven rack to prevent spills as the brownies rise, then fall during baking. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of the brownies comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes.]
[Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease 24 muffin cups, or line with paper muffin liners. Sift together the flour, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, clove, allspice, salt, baking powder, and baking soda; set aside. Beat 1/2 cup of butter, the white sugar, and brown sugar with an electric mixer in a large bowl until light and fluffy. The mixture should be noticeably lighter in color. Add the room-temperature eggs one at a time, allowing each egg to blend into the butter mixture before adding the next. Stir in the milk and pumpkin puree after the last egg. Stir in the flour mixture, mixing until just incorporated. Pour the batter into the prepared muffin cups. Bake in the preheated oven until golden and the tops spring back when lightly pressed, about 25 minutes. Cool in the pans for 5 minutes before removing to cool completely on a wire rack. While the cupcakes are cooling, make the frosting by beating the cream cheese and 1/4 butter with an electric mixer in a bowl until smooth. Beat in the confectioners' sugar a little at a time until incorporated. Add the vanilla extract and 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; beat until fluffy. Once the cupcakes are cool, frost with the cream cheese icing.]
[Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C). Poke yams in several places with a fork, then cook them on high power in microwave oven until heated through and soft, about 20 minutes. When cooled, remove skins and place the yams in a large bowl. Beat yams until smooth. Then beat in one egg at a time, blending after each addition. Stir in 1/4 cup brown sugar, 1/8 cup melted butter, salt, cinnamon, allspice and nutmeg; beat until the mixture is light and fluffy. Transfer mixture to an ungreased 3 quart casserole dish.  Arrange the pecans in a single layer on top. Sprinkle with remaining brown sugar and drizzle 1/4 cup melted butter over the top. Bake for 25 minutes in the preheated oven, or until browned and bubbly.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).        Watch Now, To Make Crust: In a medium bowl, combine flour, salt and white sugar. Cut butter into flour mixture until it resembles coarse crumbs.  Gradually sprinkle the water over the dry mixture, stirring until dough comes together enough to form a ball.        Watch Now, On a floured surface flatten dough ball with rolling pin. Roll out into a circle that is one inch larger than pie dish. Place pie shell into dish and refrigerate until pie filling is complete.        Watch Now, To Make Pie Filling: In a medium bowl, mix together eggs, light and dark corn syrups, brown sugar, butter, salt and finely crushed pecans. Spread quartered pecans over bottom of refrigerated pie crust. Pour syrup mixture over top of pecans, then arrange pecan halves on top of pie.        Watch Now, Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for one hour or until firm; let cool for one hour before serving.        Watch Now]
[Prepare macaroni and cheese mix according to package directions. Stir in the cream of mushroom soup, tuna and peas. Mix well, and heat until bubbly.]
[Remove the stem from each apple and press a craft stick into the top.  Butter a baking sheet. Place caramels and milk in a microwave safe bowl, and microwave 2 minutes, stirring once.  Allow to cool briefly. Roll each apple quickly in caramel sauce until well coated.  Place on prepared sheet to set.]
[Mix brown sugar, 1/4 cup white sugar, and cinnamon together in a small bowl; set aside. Combine yeast, 1/2 teaspoon white sugar, and warm water in the bowl of a stand mixer. Whisk together and set aside until foamy, about 10 minutes. Pour pumpkin puree, cream, 1/4 cup white sugar, 1/4 cup melted butter, salt, 1/2  teaspoon vanilla, ginger, allspice, 2 cups flour, and the egg into stand mixer bowl with the yeast mixture. Mix with dough hook attachment until combined, about 2 minutes. Stir in 2 1/4 cups flour and mix on low with the dough hook, adding more flour if the mixture is too sticky, until dough is slightly sticky, smooth, and elastic, 6 to 7 minutes. Remove dough and shape into a ball. Coat the bowl of the stand mixer lightly with vegetable oil, return dough to the bowl, turning to coat with oil. Cover with aluminum foil and set aside in a warm place to rise until doubled in size, about 1 1/2 hours. Generously butter a 13x9-inch baking dish. Transfer dough to a well-floured work surface. Use your hands to flatten into a rectangular shape about 1-inch thick. Generously sprinkle flour over both sides of the dough; roll out to about a 20x12-inch rectangle. Pour melted butter over the top and brush evenly over the surface, leaving 2-inches along one wide edge unbuttered. Sprinkle the brown sugar mixture over the dough and moisten the unbuttered edge with water. Starting at the wide edge with butter, roll dough tightly into a log; press firmly along moistened edge to seal. Trim uneven ends from the roll and discard. Cut rolled dough into 16 equally-sized pinwheels. Place the pinwheels, cut side up, in the prepared baking dish. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place to rise until doubled in size, 45 to 60 minutes. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, about 30 minutes; set aside to cool slightly while mixing glaze. Whisk cream cheese, confectioners' sugar, milk, and vanilla extract together in a large bowl until smooth; drizzle over the warm cinnamon rolls. Sprinkle pumpkin seeds over the rolls to serve.]
[Slice each Brussels sprout in half, cut each half into into strips, and discard the cores. Transfer to a large bowl. Heat vegetable oil in a skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir bacon until browned and crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in cider vinegar, lemon juice, and brown sugar. Season with salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper to taste. Increase heat to high and boil for 1 minute. Pour hot bacon mixture over the bowl of Brussels sprouts and toss to coat completely. Season with salt and black pepper to taste.]
[Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and lightly coat with cooking spray. Combine mayonnaise, lemon juice, and barbeque sauce in a bowl. Place red snapper fillets on the prepared baking sheet and season with salt. Spread the mayonnaise mixture over the top of each fillet and sprinkle with cayenne pepper. Cook under the preheated broil until top is browned and bubbling and fish flakes easily with a fork, rotating the baking sheet if necessary, about 7 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and lightly coat with cooking spray. Combine walnut halves, pecan halves, almonds, and cashews in a large bowl. Add salt, black pepper, cumin, and cayenne pepper; toss to coat. Heat sugar, water, and butter in a small saucepan over medium heat until the butter is melted. Cook for 1 minute and remove from heat. Slowly pour butter mixture over the bowl of nuts and stir to coat. Transfer nuts to the prepared baking sheet and spread into a single layer. Bake nuts in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Stir nuts until the warm syrup coats every nut. Spread into a single layer, return to the oven, and bake until nuts are sticky and roasted, about 6 minutes. Allow to cool before serving.]
[Bring a large pot of water to a boil; add sausages and cook until no longer pink inside, 10 to 12 minutes. Drain and set aside. Place marinara sauce in a small saucepan over medium-low heat; cook until warmed through, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low and keep warm until sandwiches are ready. Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat; cook and stir onion, red bell pepper, jalapeno pepper, and goat horn pepper in the hot oil until onion softens and begins to turn golden, 7 to 8 minutes. Remove onion mixture to a plate and set aside. Place sausages in the hot skillet and cook, turning frequently, until warmed through and browned all over, about 10 minutes. Spread each hoagie bun with 1/4 cup mascarpone cheese and 1 tablespoon garlic basil spread. Place two sausages on top and spoon over the onion mixture. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese. Transfer the marinara sauce to small bowls for dipping.]
[Preheat oven to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C). Heat olive oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Cook and stir onion, 1 tablespoon garlic basil spread, and Italian seasoning in the hot oil until onion has softened, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in pepper rings and mushrooms; cook and stir until mushrooms have softened, about 5 minutes. Pour in Marsala wine and bring to a boil, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Add beef broth and roast beef and stir until the beef is warmed through, 3 to 4 minutes. Spread each ciabatta roll with 1 tablespoon garlic basil spread and 1 tablespoon horseradish sauce. Top with 3 slices Swiss cheese. Place sandwiches on a baking sheet and bake in the preheated oven until the cheese is melted and the bread is toasted, 3 to 4 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, pile the beef-onion mixture into each sandwich and pour 1 to 2 tablespoons pan juices over the filling. Transfer the remaining pan juices to small bowls for dipping.]
[Combine coleslaw mix, pepperoncini peppers, red onion, mayonnaise, lemon juice, red wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, sugar, salt, 1/2 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1/2 teaspoon granulated onion, and lemon pepper in a large bowl. Toss until well combined. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use. Place catfish fillets in a large shallow baking dish. Sprinkle hot sauce over the top and turn the fillets to coat. Combine Cajun seasoning, flour, cornmeal, bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon granulated onion, black pepper, and cayenne pepper in a large brown paper bag. Add catfish fillets and shake gently to coat fillets thoroughly. Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Fry breaded catfish fillets until browned and crisp, about 3 minutes per side. Place on paper towel-lined paper plates to drain. Spread each hoagie bun with 1/4 cup remoulade-style spread. Place 2 catfish fillets on top and top with 1 to 2 cups coleslaw. Garnish with lemon wedge, cherry tomato halves, and banana pepper rings.]
[Combine mayonnaise, sour cream, cilantro, green onions, ground chipotle peppers, lime juice, garlic basil spread, cumin, salt, and black pepper in a small bowl. Stir until combined. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Preheat oven to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C). Heat olive oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Stir onions, red pepper flakes, and oregano in the hot oil until onions begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and ground black pepper to taste. Add half the jalapeno pepper rings and cook until they begin to soften, 2 to 3 minutes. Reserve remaining jalapeno rings. Spread each ciabatta roll with 1 tablespoon sweet hot mustard and 2 tablespoons chipotle mayonnaise. Evenly divide the Swiss cheese slices, slices of pork loin, ham, dill pickles, and remaining jalapeno rings among the four sandwiches. Top with cooked onion mixture. Place sandwiches onto a baking sheet and bake in the preheated oven until cheese is melted and bread is toasted and warm, 4 to 5 minutes.]
[Combine artichoke hearts, mayonnaise, Parmesan cheese, lemon zest, lemon juice, red pepper flakes, salt, and black pepper in a food processor or blender. Blend until smooth. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use. Heat olive oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Stir tri-tip steak slices into the hot oil and cook, stirring constantly until they begin to brown, about 3 minutes. Sprinkle with Italian seasoning, salt, and black pepper. Add onion, yellow pepper, orange pepper, sweet hot peppers, and garlic basil spread; cook and stir until onion begins to soften, about 5 minutes. Stir in mushrooms, capers, Marsala wine, and anchovy fillet and cook until mushrooms are browned and wine has evaporated, about 5 minutes. Place provolone cheese and Gorgonzola cheese on top of the hot beef mixture and gently fold until cheese is melted, about 2 minutes. Remove beef-cheese mixture from heat. Spread each hoagie bun with about 1/4 cup artichoke aioli. Spoon beef-cheese mixture into buns and garnish with basil.]
[In a saucepan bring sugar, cocoa, margarine, milk, and salt to a rapid boil for 1 minute. Add quick cooking oats, peanut butter, and vanilla; mix well. Working quickly, drop by teaspoonfuls onto waxed paper, and let cool.]
[Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain. Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).        Watch Now, Melt butter in a large heavy skillet. Saute mushrooms for 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper, and stir in turkey, condensed soup, and sour cream. Place cooked noodles in a 9x13 inch baking dish. Pour sauce mixture evenly over the top. Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.        Watch Now, Bake in preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until sauce is bubbling.        Watch Now]
[Combine the water, apple juice, and apples in a saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat, and stir in the rolled oats and cinnamon. Return to a boil, then reduce heat to low, and simmer until thick, about 3 minutes. Spoon into serving bowls, and pour milk over the servings.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large bowl, combine the flour, oatmeal, cinnamon, nutmeg and brown sugar. Cut butter into mixture until crumbly. Take half of the mixture and pat it into the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish. Cover crumb mixture with apple slices, then sprinkle apple slices with remaining crumb mixture. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 to 50 minutes or until apples are tender.]
[In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk, oil, applesauce, and vanilla. Beat in whole wheat pastry flour, flax seed meal, wheat germ, all-purpose flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt until batter is smooth. Preheat a waffle iron, and coat with cooking spray. Pour batter into waffle iron in batches, and cook until crisp and golden brown.]
[In a large serving bowl, whisk together the red wine vinegar, grapeseed oil, cilantro, lime juice, sugar, salt and garlic. Set aside. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add the soybeans and boil for 3 minutes. Add corn to the boiling water and continue cooking for 1 more minute. Drain very well, and pour into the bowl with the dressing. Gently mix in the cherry tomatoes, green onions and black beans. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours before serving to chill and blend the flavors.]
[Combine the red, white, and black peppers, paprika, thyme, oregano, bay leaf, and salt; set aside. In a heavy pot, 5 quart or larger, heat oil over medium heat, warming the pot first.  Add onions, celery, and green pepper.  Turn heat to high.  Stirring frequently, add garlic, file, hot sauce, and the pepper-herb mixture.  Cook for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Add tomato sauce, and stir as it reduces over high heat.  Add fish stock and bring to a boil.  Reduce heat, and simmer for 1 hour, stirring occasionally. When ready to serve, add shrimp, oysters, and crabmeat.  Cover, and wait 5 minutes.  Turn off heat, and let stand for 10 minutes.  Serve.]
[Preheat an oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Arrange the okra slices in one layer on a foil lined cookie sheet.  Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake in the preheated oven for 10 to 15 minutes.]
[In a large deep skillet, over medium heat, combine the potatoes, corned beef, onion, and beef broth. Cover and simmer until potatoes are of mashing consistency, and the liquid is almost gone. Mix well, and serve.        Watch Now]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a small bowl, combine ketchup, brown sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice and dry mustard until smooth. In a large bowl, combine ground beef, shredded bread, onion, egg, bouillon, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, and 1/3 cup of the ketchup mixture until well mixed.  Form into a loaf and place in a 9x5 inch loaf pan. Bake 1 hour.  Pour off fat.  Pour reserved ketchup mixture over loaf.  Bake 10 minutes more.]
[In a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, salt and sugar. Make a well in the center and pour in the milk, egg and melted butter; mix until smooth. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake. Brown on both sides and serve hot.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour 2 - 8 inch round pans. In a small bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda and salt; set aside. In a large bowl, cream butter, white sugar and brown sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs, one at a time.  Mix in the bananas. Add flour mixture alternately with the buttermilk to the creamed mixture. Stir in chopped walnuts. Pour batter into the prepared pans. Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. Remove from oven, and place on a damp tea towel to cool.]
[Place the potatoes into a large pot, and fill with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, and cook for about 20 minutes, or until easily pierced with a fork. Drain. Cool, peel and dice. Transfer to a large bowl, and toss with the onion, celery, 1 teaspoon of salt, and hard-cooked eggs. While the potatoes are cooking, whisk together 2 eggs, sugar, cornstarch, and salt in a saucepan. Stir in the vinegar, milk, and mustard. Cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, until thickened, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat, and stir in the butter. Refrigerate until cool, then stir in the mayonnaise. Stir the dressing into the bowl of potato salad gently until evenly coated. Chill several hours or overnight before serving for best flavor.]
[Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C.) In a large bowl, combine eggs, egg yolk, white sugar and brown sugar. Add salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger and cloves. Gradually stir in milk and cream. Stir in pumpkin. Pour filling into pie shell. Bake for ten minutes in preheated oven. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake for an additional 40 to 45 minutes, or until filling is set.]
[Cut pumpkin in half and remove seeds. Place cut side down on a cookie sheet lined with lightly oiled aluminum foil. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 30 to 40 minutes, or until the flesh is tender when poked with a fork. Cool until just warm. Scrape the pumpkin flesh from the peel. Either mash, or puree in small batches in a blender. Increase oven temperature to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C.) In a large bowl, slightly beat eggs.  Add brown sugar, flour, salt, 2 cups of the pumpkin puree, pumpkin pie spice, and evaporated milk.  Stir well after each addition. Pour mixture into the unbaked pastry shell.  Place a strip of aluminum foil around the edge of the crust to prevent over browning. Bake 10 minutes at 450 degrees F (230 degrees C), then reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).  Bake an additional 40 to 50 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean.   Remove the strip of foil about 20 minutes before the pie is done so that the edge of the crust will be a light golden brown.  Cool pie, and refrigerate overnight for best flavor.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a skillet, heat the oil and brown the pork chops.  Place the pork chops in a baking dish. In a bowl, toss the bread cubes, melted butter, chicken broth, celery, onion, and poultry seasoning together. Put heaping mounds of the bread crumb mixture onto the pork chops. Combine the cream of mushroom soup with the water, and pour this mixture over the stuffing and pork chops. Cover and bake for 30 minutes. Uncover and continue baking for 10 minutes longer or until juices run clear. The meat thermometer should read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C).]
[In a small saucepan, heat milk, water and butter until very warm, 120 degrees F (50 degrees C). In a large bowl, mix together 1 3/4 cup flour, yeast, sugar and salt. Mix milk mixture into flour mixture, and then mix in egg. Stir in the remaining flour, 1/2 cup at a time, beating well after each addition. When the dough has pulled together, turn it out onto a lightly floured surface, and knead until smooth and elastic, about 8 minutes. Divide dough into 12 equal pieces. Shape into smooth balls, and place on a greased baking sheet. Flatten slightly. Cover, and let rise for 30 to 35 minutes. Bake at 400 degrees F (200 degrees C) for 10 to 12 minutes, or until golden brown. For Hot Dog Buns:  Shape each piece into a 6x4 inch rectangle. Starting with the longer side, roll up tightly, and pinch edges and ends to seal. Let rise about 20 to 25 minutes. Bake as above. These buns are pretty big. I usually make 16 instead of 12.]
[Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Cream butter or margarine in a bowl, gradually add confectioners' sugar and salt.  Beat until light and fluffy.  Add almonds and vanilla.  Blend in flour gradually and mix well. Shape into balls (or crescents) using about 1 teaspoon for each cookie.  Place on ungreased cookie sheets, and bake for 15-20 min.  Do not brown. Cool slightly, then roll in the extra confectioners' sugar.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Combine onion, carrots, celery, and vegetable oil in a large roasting pan and toss to coat. Place turkey wings on top of vegetables Place roasting pan in the preheated oven and cook until the turkey wings are browned and vegetables are caramelized and softened, 45 to 60 minutes. Transfer turkey wings and vegetables to a large stockpot. Place the roasting pan over a stovetop burner on medium heat. Pour 2 tablespoons cold water into the pan and bring to a boil, scraping up any browned bits. Transfer mixture to the stockpot and add 10 cups cold water, thyme, and garlic. Bring turkey wing mixture to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer, uncovered, until meat falls off the bone, about 3 hours. Skim off turkey fat throughout the process and set aside 2 tablespoons. Strain turkey stock and reserve 6 cups of stock; discard all the solids. Heat butter and 2 tablespoons reserved turkey fat in a large saucepan over medium heat. Sprinkle in flour and cook, whisking continuously, until it begins to smell like cooked pie crust, 2 to 3 minutes. Slowly pour in turkey stock, whisking continuously. Increase heat to high and simmer until thick and warmed through, about 5 minutes. Season with salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper to taste.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a very large bowl, beat the eggs. Add the remaining ingredients in order, mixing well. Use an ice cream scoop to put on ungreased cookie sheet.  Bake for 12 to 15 minutes.]
[Season duck legs with salt and black pepper. Heat vegetable oil in a large, deep skillet over medium-high heat; add duck legs, skin side down, and cook until browned, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Remove duck legs and drain all but 1 tablespoon of duck fat from the pan. Cook onion in reserved duck fat over medium heat until onion begins to turn translucent, 3 to 4 minutes. Add garlic; cook and stir until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir chicken broth, rice vinegar, soy sauce, sambal chili paste, and bay leaves into onion mixture; bring to a simmer. Return duck legs to the skillet, loosely cover, and simmer until duck legs are tender and easily pierced with a fork, about 2 hours. Remove cover from the skillet, increase heat to high, and cook until sauce is thick, about 5 minutes; season with salt and black pepper to taste.]
[Combine mayonnaise, sour cream, and buttermilk in a large bowl. Stir in parsley, chives, dill, tarragon, garlic powder, onion powder, black pepper, cayenne pepper, salt, and Worcestershire sauce until combined. Cover and refrigerate for 4 hours to overnight. Season with salt and black pepper to taste.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large skillet over medium-high heat, brown the ground beef with the onions. Drain excess fat, and season with salt and pepper to taste. Spread the beef mixture evenly over the bottom of a 2 quart casserole dish. Arrange tater tots evenly over beef layer. In a small bowl, stir the soup into the milk until smooth; pour over tater tot and beef layers. Sprinkle Cheddar cheese evenly over the top. Bake in preheated oven for 30 to 40 minutes, until cheese is bubbly and slightly brown.]
[Heat the milk in a small saucepan until it bubbles, then remove from heat. Mix in margarine; stir until melted. Let cool until lukewarm. In a large mixing bowl, combine 2 1/4 cup flour, yeast, white sugar and salt; mix well. Add water, egg and the milk mixture; beat well. Add the remaining flour, 1/2 cup at a time, stirring well after each addition. When the dough has just pulled together, turn it out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth, about 5 minutes. Cover the dough with a damp cloth and let rest for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, mix together brown sugar, cinnamon, softened margarine. Roll out dough into a 12x9 inch rectangle. Spread dough with margarine/sugar mixture. Sprinkle with raisins if desired. Roll up dough and pinch seam to seal. Cut into 12 equal size rolls and place cut side up in 12 lightly greased muffin cups. Cover and let rise until doubled, about 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes, or until browned. Remove from muffin cups to cool. Serve warm]
[In a medium skillet, cook the ground beef until browned over medium heat. Drain, and set aside. Place the ground beef, onion, chili beans, kidney beans, corn, tomato sauce, water, diced tomatoes, green chile peppers and taco seasoning mix in a slow cooker. Mix to blend, and cook on Low setting for 8 hours.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13 inch pan. In a medium bowl, stir together 2 cups flour and confectioners' sugar. Blend in the melted butter. Press into the bottom of the prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes, or until golden.  In a large bowl, beat eggs until light. Combine the sugar, baking powder and 1/4 cup of flour so there will be no flour lumps. Stir the sugar mixture into the eggs. Finally, stir in the lemon juice. Pour over the prepared crust and return to the oven. Bake for an additional 30 minutes or until bars are set. Allow to cool completely before cutting into bars.]
[Prepare the dry corn bread mix according to package directions. Cool and crumble. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 9x13 inch baking dish. In a large skillet over medium heat, melt the butter and saute the celery and onion until soft. In a large bowl, combine the celery, onions, 3 cups crumbled corn bread, eggs, chicken stock, sage and salt and pepper to taste; mix well. Place into prepared dish and bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Mix zucchini, garlic, mint, olive oil, smoked paprika, and salt in a large bowl until zucchini is evenly coated; transfer to a baking dish. Drop dollops of ricotta cheese atop zucchini mixture. Season with cayenne pepper. Bake in the preheated oven until zucchini is tender and cheese is browned, about 30 minutes.]
[Grease a 6-tin muffin pan with butter and cooking spray. Whisk eggs, milk, flour, salt, and cayenne pepper together in a small bowl until smooth. Pour batter into each muffin tin, filling to about 3/4 of the way up the sides. Sprinkle about 1 teaspoon of grated Cheddar cheese atop each popover.        Watch Now, Place pan in a cold oven. Heat to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C) and bake until puffed and well-browned, about 30 minutes.]
[Season steak medallions with salt and black pepper on both sides. Heat olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add steaks and cook until browned, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate. Reserve oil in skillet. Place mushrooms and butter into the skillet and season with salt; cook and stir until mushrooms are softened and beginning to brown, 5 to 6 minutes. Reduce heat to medium; add peppers and cook and stir until softened, about 2 minutes. Stir in garlic and cook for 1 minute. Pour in wine and sprinkle in dried oregano. Increase heat to medium-high and cook until the wine is nearly evaporated, about 3 minutes. Stir tomato concasse into the mushroom mixture and simmer until tomato is softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Add fresh oregano, balsamic vinegar, and red pepper flakes; stir to combine. Adjust salt and black pepper to taste. Place steaks back into the skillet with the mushroom mixture and cook until warmed through and cooked to desired doneness, 4 to 10 minutes.]
[In a bowl, stir together water, ketchup, soy sauce, cornstarch, honey, crushed red pepper, and ground ginger. Set aside. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Stir in green onions and garlic; cook 30 seconds. Stir in shrimp, and toss to coat with oil. Stir in sauce. Cook and stir until sauce is bubbly and thickened.]
[Cook beef shank in a large soup pot over high heat until browned, about 3 minutes per side; add water, onion, carrots, celery, and bay leaf to the pot, bring to a simmer and cook until meat is tender and falling off the bone, about 4 hours. Strain broth and discard solids. Combine beef broth, beets, and cabbage in a large soup pot; cook, stirring occasionally, until beets are tender, about 30 minutes. Reduce heat to low; add vinegar, salt, and black pepper. Serve garnished with sour cream and dill.]
[In a small saucepan over medium heat, combine water, 2 1/2 tablespoons sugar, salt and 2 tablespoons vegetable oil.  Bring to a boil and remove from heat.  Stir in flour until mixture forms a ball. Heat oil for frying in deep-fryer or deep skillet to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).  Pipe strips of dough into hot oil using a pastry bag.  Fry until golden; drain on paper towels. Combine 1/2 cup sugar and cinnamon. Roll drained churros in cinnamon and sugar mixture.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). In a small bowl, stir together flour, baking soda, and baking powder. Set aside. In a large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar until smooth. Beat in egg and vanilla. Gradually blend in the dry ingredients. Roll rounded teaspoonfuls of dough into balls, and place onto ungreased cookie sheets. Bake 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven, or until golden. Let stand on cookie sheet two minutes before removing to cool on wire racks.]
[Cook the pasta in a large pot of salted boiling water until al dente. Drain, and cool under cold water. In a large bowl, combine the pasta, salami, pepperoni, Asiago cheese, black olives, red bell pepper, green bell pepper and tomatoes. Stir in the envelope of dressing mix. Cover, and refrigerate for at least one hour. To prepare the dressing, whisk together the olive oil, balsamic vinegar, oregano, parsley, Parmesan cheese, salt and pepper. Just before serving, pour dressing over the salad, and mix well.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease muffin cups or line with muffin liners. Combine 1 1/2 cups flour, 3/4 cup sugar, salt and baking powder. Place vegetable oil into a 1 cup measuring cup; add the egg and enough milk to fill the cup. Mix this with flour mixture. Fold in blueberries. Fill muffin cups right to the top, and sprinkle with crumb topping mixture. To Make Crumb Topping: Mix together 1/2 cup sugar, 1/3 cup flour, 1/4 cup butter,  and 1 1/2 teaspoons cinnamon. Mix with fork, and sprinkle over muffins before baking. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes in the preheated oven, or until done.]
[In a medium saucepan, combine sugar, milk, butter, and cocoa. Bring to a boil, and cook for 1 1/2 minutes. Remove from heat, and stir in peanut butter, oats, and vanilla. Drop by teaspoonfuls onto wax paper. Let cool until hardened.]
[Place corned beef in large pot or Dutch oven and cover with water. Add the spice packet that came with the corned beef.  Cover pot and bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer.  Simmer approximately 50 minutes per pound or until tender. Add whole potatoes and carrots, and cook until the vegetables are almost tender.  Add cabbage and cook for 15 more minutes. Remove meat and let rest 15 minutes. Place vegetables in a bowl and cover. Add as much broth (cooking liquid reserved in the Dutch oven or large pot) as you want. Slice meat across the grain.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Dip eggplant slices in egg, then in bread crumbs.  Place in a single layer on a baking sheet.  Bake in preheated oven for 5 minutes on each side. In a 9x13 inch baking dish spread spaghetti sauce to cover the bottom.  Place a layer of eggplant slices in the sauce.  Sprinkle with mozzarella and Parmesan cheeses.  Repeat with remaining ingredients, ending with the cheeses.  Sprinkle basil on top. Bake in preheated oven for 35 minutes, or until golden brown.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9 inch springform pan. In a medium bowl, mix graham cracker crumbs with melted butter. Press onto bottom of springform pan. In a large bowl, mix cream cheese with sugar until smooth. Blend in milk, and then mix in the eggs one at a time, mixing just enough to incorporate. Mix in sour cream, vanilla and flour until smooth. Pour filling into prepared crust. Bake in preheated oven for 1 hour. Turn the oven off, and let cake cool in oven with the door closed for 5 to 6 hours; this prevents cracking. Chill in refrigerator until serving.]
[Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.  Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm,  about 45 minutes; drain.  Stir in butter, cheese, garlic, salt and oregano.  Mash with a potato masher or with an electric mixer.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).  Grease and flour a 9x13 inch pan. In a large bowl, beat together eggs, oil, white sugar and 2 teaspoons vanilla. Mix in flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt and cinnamon. Stir in carrots. Fold in pecans.  Pour into prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 40 to 50 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Let cool in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack and cool completely. To Make Frosting:  In a medium bowl, combine butter, cream cheese, confectioners' sugar and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Beat until the mixture is smooth and creamy. Stir in chopped pecans. Frost the cooled cake.]
[Place quinoa in a sieve and rinse thoroughly. Allow to drain, then place quinoa in a medium saucepan with water. Bring to a boil over high heat. Cover pan with lid, lower heat, and allow to simmer until all water is absorbed and quinoa is tender, about 15 minutes. Mix in apple juice, raisins, lemon juice, cinnamon, and salt. Cover pan and allow to simmer for 15 minutes longer. Stir in vanilla extract. Serve warm.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat. Place frozen puff pastry sheet on a work surface dusted with flour. Allow to thaw for 2 to 3 minutes. Using a 1 1/2 to 2-inch round cookie or biscuit cutter, cut out 12 round pieces. Place pastry rounds on the prepared baking sheet. Using a slightly smaller round cookie or biscuit cutter, cut out inner circles in each pastry round, leaving them in place. Brush each pastry round with beaten egg. Bake in the preheated oven until browned and puffed, 13 to 15 minutes. Allow to cool completely before filling. Cut around the small inner circle of each pastry round and gently push it down. Fill each tartlet with lemon curd and top with a blackberry. Dust with confectioners' sugar.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.  Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes. Drain and cool. Combine potatoes, ham, corn and parsley; set aside.  In a saucepan saute onion in butter for 2 minutes, stir in flour until blended well.  Gradually add milk and pepper.  Bring to a boil.  Cook and stir for 2 minutes.  Remove from heat and pour over the ham mixture.  Stir to mix well. Pour into greased 11x7  baking dish.  Cover and bake for 25 minutes.  Uncover, sprinkle with cheese and bake 5 to 10 minutes longer until cheese melts.]
[Bring water to boil in a small saucepan.  Pour in quinoa, raisins, and a pinch of salt.  Cover, and let simmer for 12 to 15 minutes, then remove from heat, and allow to cool to room temperature. Toss together the tomatoes, onion, radish, cucumber, and almonds in a large bowl. Stir in the cooled quinoa, then season with mint, parsley, cumin, lime juice, sesame oil, and salt.  Chill 1 to 2 hours before serving.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). In a 13x9 inch casserole dish, combine the mushroom and beef onion soups, canned mushrooms and water. Mix thoroughly and add beef tips. Turn to coat well. Bake in a preheated oven for 1 hour. While beef tips are baking, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain. Serve beef tips and sauce over noodles.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease 12 muffin cups or line with paper muffin liners. Split pumpkin in half. Remove seeds and strings. Place on baking sheet, cut side down. Cover with foil and bake in preheated oven until tender, about 90 minutes. Remove pumpkin pulp and puree in blender. Measure out 2 cups pumpkin puree; set aside. In a large bowl, stir together flour, sugar, baking soda, baking powder, cloves, cinnamon, nutmeg, allspice and salt. In a separate bowl, beat together 2 cups pumpkin puree, vegetable oil and eggs. Stir pumpkin mixture into flour mixture until smooth. Scoop batter into prepared muffin cups. Bake in preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes, until a toothpick inserted into the center of a muffin comes out clean.]
[Mix shortening, flour, and salt together with a fork or a pastry blender until very crumbly.  Add as much water as needed to hold together, and mix lightly with a fork. Roll gently on a floured pastry cloth to about an inch larger than pie plate. Fold carefully in half, lift to pie plate, and unfold.  Press into pan.  For a single-crust pie, trim with a small knife to about 1/2 inch beyond rim.  Fold up, and pinch so edge of pie is raised from rim.]
[In a large mixing bowl, combine all-purpose flour, shortening, sugar, and salt. Blend together with a pastry cutter until crumbly. In a small bowl, mix egg with water. Blend into flour mixture. Chill in refrigerator until ready to use.]
[Combine gin, vodka, and Lillet in a cocktail mixing glass. Add ice and stir until chilled. Strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with an orange twist.]
[Muddle sugar cube, water, and bitters in an old fashioned glass for 1 minute. Pour in whiskey and stir for an additional minute. Squeeze the lemon twist over the glass and drop it in. Add ice cubes. Garnish with a slice of orange and a maraschino cherry; serve with a swizzle stick.]
[Fill a rocks glass with 1 cup ice and set aside to chill, about 5 minutes. Discard ice. Combine Peychaud's Bitters, Angostura Bitters and sugar cube in a cocktail shaker; mash well with a cocktail muddler. Add 1 cup ice and whiskey. Stir until chilled and strain into the chilled glass. Twist a lemon peel over the surface of the cocktail to extract the essence; discard lemon peel.]
[Combine whiskey, vermouth, and bitters in a cocktail mixing class. Add ice and stir until chilled. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with a maraschino cherry.]
[Pour creme de cassis into large Champagne flute or white wine glass. Top with Champagne.]
[Place sugar and bitters in chilled Champagne flute and fill with Champagne. Add a twist of lemon peel.]
[Preheat an Irish coffee glass with 3/4 cup hot water, then discard. Pour honey and bourbon into the preheated glass and top with 3/4 cup hot water. Garnish with a lemon twist.]
[Place sugar on a plate or shallow bowl. Lightly wet the rim of an Irish coffee glass with a moistened paper towel. Dip the rim in sugar to coat. Pour Irish whiskey into the prepared glass. Fill with coffee to within 1/2 inch of top. Add sugar and stir. Top with whipped cream.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Turn acorn squash upside down onto a cookie sheet. Bake in a 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven until it begins to soften, approximately 30 to 45 minutes. Remove squash from the oven and turn onto a plate so that the flesh is facing upwards. Place butter and brown sugar into the squash, and place remaining squash over the other piece. Place squash in a baking dish (so the squash won't slide around too much) while baking. Place squash in the 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven and bake another 30 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degree C). Place the sliced apples in a 9x13 inch pan. Mix the white sugar, 1 tablespoon flour and ground cinnamon together, and sprinkle over apples. Pour water evenly over all. Combine the oats, 1 cup flour, brown sugar, baking powder, baking soda and melted butter together. Crumble evenly over the apple mixture. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for about 45 minutes.]
[Stir soup, milk, soy sauce, pepper, beans and 1 1/3 cups onions in 3-qt. casserole. Bake at 350 degrees F. for 25 min. or until hot. Stir. Top with remaining onions. Bake for 5 min. more.]
[Place the roast in a roasting pan with the fatty side up. In a small bowl, mix together the garlic, olive oil, salt, pepper and thyme. Spread the mixture over the fatty layer of the roast, and let the roast sit out until it is at room temperature, no longer than 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C). Bake the roast for 20 minutes in the preheated oven, then reduce the temperature to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C), and continue roasting for an additional 60 to 75 minutes. The internal temperature of the roast should be at 135 degrees F (57 degrees C) for medium rare. Allow the roast to rest for 10 or 15 minutes before carving so the meat can retain its juices.]
[Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Whisk together pumpkin puree, egg yolks, and egg in a large bowl until smooth. Add sweetened condensed milk, cinnamon, ginger, salt, nutmeg, and Chinese 5-spice powder; whisk until thoroughly combined. Fit pie crust in a 9-inch pie plate and crimp edges. Pour filling into the pie shell and lightly tap on the work surface to release any air bubbles. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and bake until just set in the middle, 30 to 40 more minutes. A paring knife inserted into the filling, 1 inch from the crust, should come out clean. Allow to cool completely before serving.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a small bowl, thoroughly blend soy sauce, vegetable oil, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice, brown sugar, and ketchup. Place pork chops in a medium baking dish, and spread with 1/2 the sauce. Bake pork chops 30 minutes in the preheated oven. Turn, and spread with remaining sauce. Continue baking 30 minutes, or until internal temperature of the chops has reached 145 degrees F (63 degrees C).]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large bowl, mix together the cake and pudding mixes, sour cream, oil, beaten eggs and water.  Stir in the chocolate chips and pour batter into a well greased 12 cup bundt pan. Bake for 50 to 55 minutes, or until top is springy to the touch and a wooden toothpick inserted comes out clean. Cool cake thoroughly in pan at least an hour and a half before inverting onto a plate  If desired, dust the cake with powdered sugar.]
[Place the banana, grapes, yogurt, apple and spinach into a blender. Cover, and blend until smooth, stopping frequently to push down anything stuck to the sides. Pour into glasses and serve.]
[Preheat oven to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C). Place marinara sauce in a small saucepan over medium-low heat; cook until warmed through, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low and keep warm until sandwiches are ready. Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat; cook and stir onion, red bell pepper, jalapeno pepper, and goat horn pepper in the hot oil until onion softens and begins to turn golden, 7 to 8 minutes. Remove onion mixture to a plate and set aside. Place salami and pepperoni in the hot skillet and cook until crisp, about 2 minutes per side. Spread each hoagie bun with 1/4 cup mascarpone cheese and 1 tablespoon garlic spread. Top each roll with 4 slices salami and 4 slices pepperoni. Sprinkle with onion mixture and mozzarella cheese. Place sandwiches onto a baking sheet and bake in the preheated oven until cheese is melted and bread is toasted, about 5 minutes. Spoon 1/2 cup warm marinara sauce over each sandwich.]
[Place the pinto beans in a large pot, and pour in the chicken broth. Stir in onion, jalapeno, garlic, salsa, cumin, and pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low, and continue cooking 2 hours, stirring often, until beans are tender. Add water as needed to keep the beans moist.]
[In a large soup pot, heat oil over medium heat.  Add onions, carrots, and celery; cook and stir until onion is tender.  Stir in garlic, bay leaf, oregano, and basil; cook for 2 minutes. Stir in lentils, and add water and tomatoes. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat, and simmer for at least 1 hour. When ready to serve stir in spinach, and cook until it wilts. Stir in vinegar, and season to taste with salt and pepper, and more vinegar if desired.]
[Slice potatoes into French fries, and place into cold water so they won't turn brown while you prepare the oil. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. While the oil is heating, sift the flour, garlic salt, onion salt, (regular) salt, and paprika into a large bowl. Gradually stir in enough water so that the mixture can be drizzled from a spoon. Dip potato slices into the batter one at a time, and place in the hot oil so they are not touching at first. The fries must be placed into the skillet one at a time, or they will clump together.  Fry until golden brown and crispy. Remove and drain on paper  towels.]
[In a small bowl, mix the eggs and water. Mix the bread crumbs and garlic salt in a medium bowl. In a medium bowl, blend the flour and cornstarch. In a large heavy saucepan, heat the oil to 365 degrees F (185 degrees C). One at a time, coat each mozzarella stick in the flour mixture, then the egg mixture, then in the bread crumbs and finally into the oil. Fry until golden brown, about 30 seconds. Remove from heat and drain on paper towels.]
[Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line the bottom and sides of a 9 inch pie plate with one of the pie crusts. Brush with some of the beaten egg to keep the dough from becoming soggy later. Place the sliced peaches in a large bowl, and sprinkle with lemon juice. Mix gently. In a separate bowl, mix together the flour, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt. Pour over the peaches, and mix gently. Pour into the pie crust, and dot with butter. Cover with the other pie crust, and fold the edges under. Flute the edges to seal or press the edges with the tines of a fork dipped in egg. Brush the remaining egg over the top crust. Cut several slits in the top crust to vent steam. Bake for 10 minutes in the preheated oven, then reduce the heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and bake for an additional 30 to 35 minutes, until the crust is brown and the juice begins to bubble through the vents. If the edges brown to fast, cover them with strips of aluminum foil about halfway through baking. Cool before serving. This tastes better warm than hot.]
[Lay the flank steak in a large glass baking dish. In a medium bowl, whisk together the vinegar, soy sauce, 4 cloves of garlic, juice of two limes, and olive oil. Season with salt, black pepper, white pepper, garlic powder, chili powder, oregano, cumin and paprika. Whisk until well blended, then pour over the steak in the dish. Turn over once to coat both sides. Cover with plastic wrap, and marinate for 1 to 8 hours. In a small bowl, stir together 1 chopped white onion, cilantro, and the juice of 1 lime. Set aside to use as a relish for the tacos. Heat a skillet over medium-high heat. Toast chile pods in the skillet for a few minutes, then remove to a bowl of water to soak for about 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Place the tomatoes, 1 onion, jalapenos, and 4 cloves of garlic onto a baking sheet. Roast in the oven for about 20 minutes, until toasted but not burnt.  Place the roasted vegetables, and soaked chile pods into a blender or food processor, along with salt and pepper. Puree until smooth. Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cut the marinated flank steak into cubes or strips. Cook, stirring constantly, until the meat is cooked through and most of the liquid has evaporated. Warm the tortillas in a skillet for about a minute on each side to make them pliable. Tortillas may also be warmed in a microwave oven. Arrange two or three tortillas on a plate, and lay a generous amount of beef over them. Top with a sprinkle of the onion relish and a large spoonful of the pureed salsa. Add as much cheese as you like. Garnish with lime wedges, and serve.]
[In a large Dutch oven place sweet potato, eggplant, peppers, carrots, onion, and three tablespoons oil. Saute over medium heat for 5 minutes. In a medium saucepan place 3 tablespoons olive oil, garlic, turmeric, curry powder, cinnamon, salt and pepper and saute over medium heat for 3 minutes. Pour garlic and spice mixture into the Dutch oven with vegetables in it. Add the garbanzo beans, almonds, zucchini, raisins, and orange juice. Simmer 20 minutes, covered. Add spinach to pot and cook for 5 more minutes. Serve!]
[In a large non-reactive dish, mix together the orange juice, soy sauce, olive oil, lemon juice, parsley, garlic, oregano, and pepper. Place the tuna steaks in the marinade and turn to coat. Cover, and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Preheat grill for high heat. Lightly oil grill grate. Cook the tuna steaks for 5 to 6 minutes, then turn and baste with the marinade. Cook for an additional 5 minutes, or to desired doneness. Discard any remaining marinade.]
[Combine basil, garlic, Parmesan cheese, olive oil, and nuts in the bowl of a food processor or blender.  Blend to a smooth paste.  Add parsley if desired.]
[In a food processor, blend together basil leaves, nuts, garlic, and cheese.  Pour in oil slowly while still mixing.  Stir in salt and pepper.]
[Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place the cut sweet potatoes into a microwave-safe dish with the water. Cook on in the microwave for 5 minutes on full power. Drain off liquid, and toss with Italian seasoning, lemon pepper, salt, pepper, and olive oil. Arrange fries on a baking sheet in a single layer. Bake for 30 minutes, turning once, or until fries are crispy on the outside.]
[Melt butter and olive oil together in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Stir in the garlic and onion, and cook for 30 seconds until fragrant. Add the chard stems and the white wine. Simmer until the stems begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Stir in the chard leaves, and cook until wilted. Finally, stir in lemon juice and Parmesan cheese; season to taste with salt if needed.]
[Place beef in the slow cooker crock. Pour beef stock, vinegar, and Worcestershire over beef. Cook on Low until beef is cooked to medium, 3-4 hours. Remove cooked beef from broth and set aside. Reserve broth. Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook mushrooms in oil until they begin to soften; add onion and green pepper. Cook and stir until vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes. Slice beef thinly. Divide beef and vegetables evenly among the rolls. Top each sandwich with 2 slices cheese; wrap in foil. Place sandwiches in preheated oven and heat until cheese is melted; about 10 minutes. Serve hot sandwiches with reserved beef broth, if desired.]
[Place the potatoes in a cheesecloth and wring, extracting as much moisture as possible. In a medium bowl stir the potatoes, onion, eggs, flour and salt together. In a large heavy-bottomed skillet over medium-high heat, heat the oil until hot. Place large spoonfuls of the potato mixture into the hot oil, pressing down on them to form 1/4 to 1/2 inch thick patties. Brown on one side, turn and brown on the other. Let drain on paper towels. Serve hot!]
[In a medium sauce pan, cook rice in oil over medium heat for about 3 minutes. Pour in chicken broth, and bring to a boil. Stir in onion, green pepper, jalapeno, and diced tomato. Season with bouillon cube, salt and pepper, cumin, cilantro, and garlic. Bring to a boil, cover, and reduce heat to low. Cook for 20 minutes.]
[In large non-metallic bowl, mix together dry yeast, 2 cups warm water, and 2 cups all purpose flour and cover loosely. Leave in a warm place to ferment, 4 to 8 days. Depending on temperature and humidity of kitchen, times may vary. Place on cookie sheet in case of overflow. Check on occasionally. When mixture is bubbly and has a pleasant sour smell, it is ready to use. If mixture has a pink, orange, or any other strange color tinge to it, THROW IT OUT! and start over. Keep it in the refrigerator, covered until ready to bake. When you use starter to bake, always replace with equal amounts of a flour and water mixture with a pinch of sugar. So, if you remove 1 cup starter, replace with 1 cup water and 1 cup flour. Mix well and leave out on the counter until bubbly again, then refrigerate. If a clear to light brown liquid has accumulated on top, don't worry, this is an alcohol base liquid that occurs with fermentation. Just stir this back into the starter, the alcohol bakes off and that wonderful sourdough flavor remains! Sourdough starters improve with age, they used to be passed down generation to generation! Use this starter to make the Sourdough Chocolate Cranberry Cake, and the Sourdough Chocolate Cake.]
[In the top of a double boiler, combine egg yolks and evaporated milk. Stirring constantly, cook over lightly simmering water until mixture reaches a temperature of 160 degrees F (71 degrees C). The mixture should be thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Transfer mixture to a blender, and add cream of coconut, sweetened condensed milk, rum, water, cloves, cinnamon, and vanilla. Blend for about 30 seconds. Pour into glass bottles and chill overnight.]
[Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). In a large bowl, whisk together eggs and half-and-half. Season with salt, white pepper and nutmeg. Place shredded Jarlsberg and mozzarella in the pie shell. Pour egg mixture over cheese. Bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake for 25 minutes, or until crust is golden and filling is set. Allow to set 5 to 10 minutes before serving.]
[In a large pot over medium heat, melt butter.  Cook leeks in butter with salt and pepper until tender, stirring frequently, about 15 minutes. Stir cornstarch into broth and pour broth into pot.  Add the potatoes and bring to a boil.  Season with salt and pepper.  Pour in the cream, reduce heat and simmer at least 30 minutes, until potatoes are tender.  Season with salt and pepper before serving.]
[Combine lentils and water, bring to a boil. Lower heat to simmer, add tomatoes, onion, and celery. Cover and let simmer 45 minutes. Check every 15 minutes to stir, and add water if necessary. Add spices last 15 minutes to taste. Taste and re-spice if necessary before serving.]
[Preheat oven to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C). Wash and halve tomatoes. Gently squeeze out the seeds. Place the tomatoes on a non-stick cookie sheet, and sprinkle with salt to taste. Bake until tomatoes take on a leathery texture. This could literally take all day; smaller pieces will require less oven time.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).        Watch Now, Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling water until al dente.  Drain.        Watch Now, In a large skillet, cook and stir ground beef and chopped onion over medium heat until brown.  Mix in tomato soup, diced tomatoes, and taco seasoning mix.   Stir in pasta.        Watch Now, Spoon beef mixture into a 9x13 inch baking dish.  Sprinkle crumbled taco chips and grated cheese on top.        Watch Now, Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, until the cheese is melted.  Serve with chopped green onions and sour cream, if desired.        Watch Now]
[Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Beat the cream cheese with 1 1/2 cups of sugar, and the vanilla extract in a bowl until smooth. Unroll the cans of crescent roll dough, and use a rolling pin to shape the each piece into 9x13 inch rectangles. Press one piece into the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish. Evenly spread the cream cheese mixture into the baking dish, then cover with the remaining piece of crescent dough. Drizzle the melted butter evenly over the top of the cheesecake. Stir the remaining 1/2 cup of sugar together with the cinnamon in a small bowl, and sprinkle over the cheesecake along with the almonds. Bake in the preheated oven until the crescent dough has puffed and turned golden brown, about 45 minutes. Cool completely in the pan before cutting into 12 squares.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease 12 muffin cups.        Watch Now, In small saucepan, melt white chocolate over low heat. Stir until smooth, and allow to cool to room temperature.        Watch Now, In a bowl, beat together the cream cheese and butter until smooth. Mix in white chocolate, 1 teaspoon vanilla, and orange extract. Gradually beat in the confectioners' sugar until the mixture is fluffy. Mix in heavy cream.        Watch Now, Beat together the eggs, white sugar, and brown sugar in a bowl, and mix in the oil and vanilla. Fold in carrots and pineapple. In a separate bowl, mix the flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, and ginger. Mix flour mixture into the carrot mixture until evenly moist. Fold in 1/2 cup walnuts. Transfer to the prepared muffin cups.        Watch Now, Bake 25 minutes in the preheated oven, or until a toothpick inserted in the center of a muffin comes out clean. Cool completely on wire racks before topping with the icing and sprinkling with remaining walnuts.        Watch Now]
[Cook and stir the diced bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until browned, about 10 minutes. Drain the bacon  and reserve. Bring the chicken stock to a boil in a saucepan over high heat; reduce heat to low to keep the chicken stock hot. Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a large, heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the onion and garlic; cook and stir until the onion begins to turn golden brown at the edges, about 2 minutes. Pour in the rice and stir until the rice is coated in butter and has started to toast, 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce heat to medium; stir in one-third of the hot chicken stock and continue stirring until the rice has absorbed the liquid and turned creamy. Repeat this process twice more, stirring constantly. Stirring in the broth should take 15 to 20 minutes in all. When finished, the rice should be tender, yet slightly firm. Remove the risotto from the heat and stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter, the Parmesan cheese, and the reserved bacon. Season to taste with salt and pepper before serving.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 10x15 inch pan. Combine the flour, sugar, baking soda and salt.  Beat in the sour cream and eggs.  Set aside.  Melt the butter on low in a saucepan, add the water and 5 tablespoons cocoa.  Bring mixture to a boil then remove from heat.  Allow to cool slightly, then stir cocoa mixture into the egg mixture, mixing until blended. Pour batter into prepared pan.  Bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. For the icing:  In a large saucepan, combine the milk, 5 tablespoons cocoa and 1/2 cup butter.  Bring to a boil, then remove from heat.  Stir in the confectioners' sugar and vanilla, then fold in the nuts, mixing until blended.  Spread frosting over warm cake.]
[In a 9x13 inch pan mix cherries and pineapple.  Sprinkle dry cake mix over pineapple, and cherry mixture stir until just combined. Then sprinkle walnuts over top.  Drizzle top with melted butter or margarine. Bake in a 350 degree F (175 degree C) oven for 35 or 40 minutes or until golden brown.]
[Trim off the ends of the bok choy and chop, keeping the white parts separate from the green as they will need to cook longer. Rinse and spin or pat dry. Set aside. In a small bowl or cup, stir together the vegetable oil and sesame oil. In a separate larger bowl, stir together the water, ginger, garlic, oyster sauce, soy sauce, brown sugar and red pepper flakes. Set this aside. Heat the oil in a large skillet or wok over medium-high heat. Add the bok choy stems first; stir fry for a few minutes or until the pieces start to turn a pale green. When stems are almost cooked, add the leaves; cook and stir until leaves are wilted, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and transfer the bok choy to a serving dish. Pour the sauce into the skillet or wok, and set over medium-high heat. Cook, stirring constantly, until sauce has thickened slightly, about 3 minutes. Pour over the bok choy and toss lightly to coat.]
[In a medium bowl, combine the beef, egg, bread crumbs, cheese, basil and onion. Shape mixture into 3/4-inch balls and set aside. In a large stockpot heat chicken broth to boiling; stir in the spinach, pasta, carrot and meatballs. Return to boil; reduce heat to medium. Cook, stirring frequently, at a slow boil for 10 minutes or until pasta is al dente, and meatballs are no longer pink inside. Serve hot with Parmesan cheese sprinkled on top.]
[Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Beat egg yolks, 4 tablespoons white sugar and vanilla extract in a mixing bowl until thick and creamy. Pour cream into a saucepan and stir over low heat until it almost comes to boil. Remove the cream from heat immediately.  Stir cream into the egg yolk mixture; beat until combined. Pour cream mixture into the top pan of a double boiler. Stir over simmering water until mixture lightly coats the back of a spoon, about 3 minutes. Remove mixture from heat immediately and pour into a shallow heat-proof dish. Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes.  Remove from oven and cool to room temperature.  Refrigerate for at least 1 hour or overnight. Preheat oven to broil. In a small bowl combine remaining 2 tablespoons white sugar and brown sugar.  Sift this mixture evenly over custard.  Place dish under broiler until sugar melts, about 2 minutes.  Watch carefully so as not to burn. Remove from heat and allow to cool.  Refrigerate until custard is set again.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degree C). Lightly grease a 9 inch pie pan. Slice the wheel of Brie in half, horizontally, so that the halves are two, flatter wheels of Brie. Lay the puff pastry in the pie pan. Place half of the Brie (rind-side down) onto the pastry dough. Sprinkle almonds evenly over the top. Place the other half of the Brie (rind-side up) over the almonds. Bundle the pastry dough around the Brie. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool for 5 minutes before serving.]
[Place squash cubes into a steamer basket in a saucepan. Add water, cover, and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Allow to steam until the squash is tender (10 to 15 minutes), then drain, and mash in a bowl with a fork. Melt butter in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion; cook and stir for 2 minutes until the onion begins to soften, then stir in the rice. Continue cooking and stirring until the rice is glossy from the butter, and the onion begins to brown on the edges, about 5 minutes more. Pour in the white wine; cook, stirring constantly, until it has evaporated. Stir in the mashed squash and 1/3 of the hot chicken stock; reduce heat to medium. Cook and stir until the chicken stock has been absorbed by the rice, 5 to 7 minutes. Add half of the remaining chicken stock, and continue stirring until it has been absorbed. Finally, pour in the remaining stock, and continue stirring until the risotto is creamy. Finish by stirring in the Parmesan cheese, and seasoning to taste with salt and pepper.]
[Preheat a grill for high heat. When the grill is hot, roast the jalapeno peppers until blackened on all sides. Place in a plastic bag to sweat and loosen the blackened skin. Rub the skin off, then seed if desired, and chop. In a large bowl, use your hands to mix together the chopped jalapenos, ground beef, salt, pepper, egg, steak sauce, onion, hot pepper sauce, oregano, Worcestershire sauce, garlic salt and Fritos(R). Divide into 8 balls, and flatten into patties. Grill patties for 10 to 15 minutes, turning once, or until well done. I always drink one beer, then flip, drink another beer, then remove from the grill and place on buns. Top each one with a slice of pepperjack cheese and pig out!]
[Line the bottom and sides of an 8-inch round mixing bowl or deep 8-inch square container with foil.  Spread ice cream in container, packing firmly.  Cover and freeze 8 hours or until firm. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).  Grease and flour an 8x8 inch pan. Prepare cake mix with egg and almond extract.  Pour into prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven according to package instructions, until center of cake springs back when lightly touched. Beat egg whites with cream of tartar, salt and sugar until stiff peaks form. Line a baking sheet with parchment or heavy brown paper.  Place cake in center.  Turn molded ice cream out onto cake.  Quickly and prettily spread meringue over cake and ice cream, all the way to paper to seal.  Return to freezer 2 hours. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Bake the Alaska on the lowest shelf, 8 to 10 minutes, or until meringue is lightly browned.  Serve at once.]
[In a large pan place the peas, ham hock, onion, red pepper, salt and pepper. Cover with water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook for 1 1/2 hours.        Watch Now, Remove ham hock and cut meat into pieces. Return meat to pot. Stir in the rice, cover and cook until rice is tender, about 20 to 25 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Sprinkle shredded cheese over top, if desired. Serve        Watch Now]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Place sliced onion and squash in a roasting pan. Sprinkle with rosemary, salt, pepper, and 2 tablespoons of the olive oil; toss to coat. Bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes, or until onions are lightly browned and squash is tender; set aside. Increase oven temperature to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). On a floured surface, roll each ball of dough into an 8 inch round. Place the rounds on a baking sheet sprinkled with cornmeal (you may need 2 baking sheets depending on their size). Distribute squash mixture over the two rounds and continue baking for 10 minutes, checking occasionally, or until the crust is firm. Sprinkle with cheese and remaining tablespoon olive oil. Cut into quarters, and serve.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Remove crusts from stale bread slices. Brush bread on both sides with melted butter. Cut bread slices up into small cubes. Sprinkle with garlic salt (if desired). Arrange cubes on an ungreased cookie sheet. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 15 minutes or until browned. Let cool. Store croutons in a covered container or plastic bag. Serve in soups or salads.]
[Place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium heat until browned. Drain, crumble, and set aside. In a stock pot or Dutch oven, melt the margarine over medium heat. Whisk in flour until smooth. Gradually stir in milk, whisking constantly until thickened. Stir in potatoes and onions. Bring to a boil, stirring frequently. Reduce heat, and simmer 10 minutes. Mix in bacon, cheese, sour cream, salt, and pepper. Continue cooking, stirring frequently, until cheese is melted.]
[In a large bowl, stir together the whole wheat flour, all-purpose flour and salt. Use a wooden spoon to stir in the olive oil and enough water to make a soft dough that is elastic but not sticky. Knead the dough on a lightly floured surface until it is smooth. Divide into 10 parts, or less if you want bigger breads. Roll each piece into a ball.  Let rest for a few minutes.        Watch Now, Heat a skillet over medium heat until hot, and grease lightly. On a lightly floured surface, use a floured rolling pin to roll out the balls of dough until very thin like a tortilla. When the pan starts smoking, put a chapati on it. Cook until the underside has brown spots, about 30 seconds, then flip and cook on the other side. Continue with remaining dough.        Watch Now]
[Place the tomatoes, onion, garlic, lime juice, salt, green chiles, and cilantro in a blender or food processor. Blend on low to desired consistency.]
[In a medium bowl, whisk together the sesame seeds, poppy seeds, sugar, olive oil, vinegar, paprika, Worcestershire sauce and onion. Cover, and chill for one hour. In a large bowl, combine the spinach, strawberries and almonds. Pour dressing over salad, and toss. Refrigerate 10 to 15 minutes before serving.]
[Grease a 9x13 inch baking dish. In a medium saucepan over medium heat, combine sugar, brown sugar, butter and evaporated milk.  Bring to a boil, stirring constantly, and boil for 7 minutes.  Remove from heat; stir in marshmallow creme until well incorporated and melted.  Stir in peanut butter and vanilla until smooth; spread in prepared pan.  Let cool before cutting into squares.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease cookie sheets. In a large bowl, cream together the shortening, peanut butter, brown sugar, and 1 cup white sugar until smooth. Beat in the eggs one at a time, and stir in the milk and vanilla. Combine the flour, baking soda, and salt; stir into the peanut butter mixture until well blended. Shape tablespoonfuls of dough into balls, and roll in remaining white sugar. Place cookies 2 inches apart on the prepared cookie sheets. Bake for 10 to12 minutes in the preheated oven. Remove from oven, and immediately press a chocolate kiss into each cookie. Allow to cool completely;  the kiss will harden as it cools.]
[Grease a 9x13 inch baking dish, set aside. In a saucepan, combine sugar, milk, and butter. Bring to a boil, and cook 5 minutes. Remove from the heat. Stir in the marshmallow creme and peanut butter. Gradually stir in the flour. Spread into the prepared pan, and let cool.]
[Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place all ingredients in 9 inch pie pan. Stir together with fork. Pat mixture into bottom and up the sides of the pan. Poke holes in bottom and side of crust. Bake for 15 minutes in the preheated oven, or until light brown. Use as directed in favorite pie recipe.]
[Place ingredients in bread machine pan in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select Whole Wheat setting, and then press Start.]
[Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Spread tomato paste into the bottom of a 10x10-inch baking dish. Sprinkle with onion and garlic and stir in 1 tablespoon olive oil and water until thoroughly combined. Season with salt and black pepper. Arrange alternating slices of eggplant, zucchini, yellow squash, red bell pepper, and yellow bell pepper, starting at the outer edge of the dish and working concentrically towards the center. Overlap the slices a little to display the colors. Drizzle the vegetables with 3 tablespoons olive oil and season with salt and black pepper. Sprinkle with thyme leaves. Cover vegetables with a piece of parchment paper cut to fit inside. Bake in the preheated oven until vegetables are roasted and tender, about 45 minutes. Serve with dollops of mascarpone cheese.]
[Place a steamer insert into a saucepan, and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Cover, and bring the water to a boil over high heat. Add the kale, recover, and steam until just tender, 7 to 10 minutes depending on thickness. Whisk together the lemon juice, olive oil, garlic, soy sauce, salt, and black pepper in a large bowl. Toss steamed kale into dressing until well coated.]
[Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Place beef in a small baking dish, and spread with 2 tablespoons softened butter. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes, or until browned. Remove from pan, and allow to cool completely. Reserve pan juices. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a skillet over medium heat. Saute onion and mushrooms in butter for 5 minutes. Remove from heat, and let cool. Mix together pate and 2 tablespoons softened butter, and season with salt and pepper. Spread pate over beef. Top with onion and mushroom mixture. Roll out the puff pastry dough, and place beef in the center. Fold up, and seal all the edges, making sure the seams are not too thick. Place beef in a 9x13 inch baking dish, cut a few slits in the top of the dough, and brush with egg yolk. Bake at 450 degrees F (230 degrees C) for 10 minutes, then reduce heat to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C) for 10 to 15 more minutes, or until pastry is a rich, golden brown. Set aside, and keep warm. Place all reserved juices in a small saucepan over high heat. Stir in beef stock and red wine; boil for 10 to 15 minutes, or until slightly reduced. Strain, and serve with beef.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). In a medium bowl, combine potato soup, mixed vegetables, milk, thyme, and black pepper. Spoon filling into bottom pie crust.  Cover with top crust, and crimp edges to seal.  Slit top crust, and brush with beaten egg if desired. Bake for 40 minutes.  Remove from oven, and cool for 10 minutes before serving.]
[In a medium bowl, mix together the pork sausage and Worcestershire sauce. Combine the flour, salt and pepper; mix into the sausage. Divide the sausage into four equal parts. Mold each part around one of the hard-cooked eggs, rolling between your hands to shape. Place the beaten egg and bread crumbs into separate dishes. Dip the balls into the egg, then roll in the bread crumbs until coated. Shake off any excess. Heat the oil in a large saucepan or deep fryer to 365 degrees F (180 degrees C), or until a cube of bread dropped into the oil turns brown in 1 minute. Lower the eggs carefully into the hot oil. Fry for 5 minutes, or until deep golden brown.]
[Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Place bacon in a large skillet, and fry over medium-high heat until crisp. Drain on paper towels, then chop coarsely. Sprinkle bacon, cheese and onion into pastry shell. In a medium bowl, whisk together eggs, cream, salt, sugar and cayenne pepper. Pour mixture into pastry shell. Bake 15 minutes in the preheated oven. Reduce heat to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C), and bake an additional 30 minutes, or until a knife inserted 1 inch from edge comes out clean. Allow quiche to sit 10 minutes before cutting into wedges.]
[Score both sides of each steak by making diagonal slices. Season with grill seasoning. Brush each side of the steak with the mustard, then press 1/2 of the red onions into the mustard on one side of the steak. Melt the butter in a large skillet over high heat. Place the steaks onion side down in the skillet. Press the remaining onions evenly into the mustard on the top side of each steak. Cook steaks until they start to firm, and are browned on the outside and red in the center, 4 to 5 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 125 degrees F (52 degrees C). Remove steaks from the skillet, and allow them to rest for 5 minutes before serving.]
[In a small bowl, blend the sour cream and baking soda, and set aside.        Watch Now, Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a large baking sheet.        Watch Now, In a large bowl, mix the flour, sugar, baking powder, cream of tartar, and salt. Cut in the butter. Stir the sour cream mixture and egg into the flour mixture until just moistened. Mix in the raisins.        Watch Now, Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface, and knead briefly. Roll or pat dough into a 3/4 inch thick round. Cut into 12 wedges, and place them 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheet.        Watch Now, Bake 12 to 15 minutes in the preheated oven, until golden brown on the bottom.        Watch Now]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13 inch baking dish. Unroll the crescent roll dough, and separate the sheets into individual triangles. Roll each apple wedge into a triangle of dough, and place them into the baking dish, seam sides down. Mix the melted butter, sugar, and cinnamon in a bowl, and spoon evenly over the dough-wrapped apple slices. Pour the soda over the rolls. Bake in the preheated oven until the top is browned, the apples are cooked through, and the cobbler is bubbling, 45 to 50 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Stir the ground beef, crushed crackers, Cheddar cheese, and onion soup mix in a large bowl until well combined.  Whisk the eggs, ketchup, and steak sauce in a separate bowl until smooth.  Mix the eggs into the meat until evenly combined, if the mixture seems too dry, add a little water. Press into a 9x5 inch loaf pan. Bake in preheated oven until the meatloaf reaches 160 degrees F (71 degrees C) and is no longer pink in the center, 45 to 60 minutes.]
[In a large bowl, combine ground beef, bread crumbs, parsley, Parmesan, 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, garlic powder and beaten egg.  Mix well and form into 12 balls.  Store, covered, in refrigerator until needed. In a large saucepan over medium heat, saute onion and garlic in olive oil until onion is translucent.  Stir in tomatoes, salt, sugar and bay leaf.  Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer 90 minutes.  Stir in tomato paste, basil, 1/2 teaspoon pepper and meatballs and simmer 30 minutes more.  Serve.]
[Reserve 3/4 cup of chicken broth, and pour the rest into a large saucepan. Stir the salt, ginger and chives into the saucepan, and bring to a rolling boil. In a cup or small bowl, stir together the remaining broth and cornstarch until smooth. Set aside. In a small bowl, whisk the eggs and egg yolk together using a fork. Drizzle egg a little at a time from the fork into the boiling broth mixture. Egg should cook immediately. Once the eggs have been dropped, stir in the cornstarch mixture gradually until the soup is the desired consistency.]
[Butter a 9x13 inch baking dish. Arrange the slices of bread in the bottom. In a large bowl, beat together eggs, milk, cream, vanilla and cinnamon. Pour over bread slices, cover, and refrigerate overnight. The next morning, preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a small saucepan, combine butter, brown sugar and corn syrup; heat until bubbling. Pour over bread and egg mixture. Bake in preheated oven, uncovered, for 40 minutes.]
[Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease an 8x8 inch square pan. In a medium saucepan, combine the sugar, butter and water. Cook over medium heat until boiling. Remove from heat and stir in chocolate chips until melted and smooth. Mix in the eggs and vanilla. Combine the flour, baking soda and salt; stir into the chocolate mixture. Spread evenly into the prepared pan. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until brownies set up. Do not overbake! Cool in pan and cut into squares.]
[First cut out in thin cardboard: a side wall, 4 1/2 x 8 inches; an end wall, 4 1/2x5 inches;  a triangular gable, 4 1/2x3x3 inches; and a roof rectangle, 4 1/2x9 inches.  Tape the rectangular end wall piece to the triangular gable piece: match the long side of the triangle, 4 1/2 inches, to one of the 4 1/2 inch sides of the end wall. In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy.  Stir in lemon zest, lemon juice, and molasses.  Gradually beat in 2 eggs.  Sift the flour, baking powder, and spices together; stir into creamed mixture.  Wrap dough in parchment paper, and refrigerate for 1 hour. Turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface. Divide into 6 portions, 2 slightly larger than the others.  On a lightly floured surface, roll out the 4 smaller pieces to approximately the size of the side wall and the end wall with gable templates; cut out two of each.  Roll out remaining dough, and cut into two rectangular roof pieces. Transfer gingerbread onto greased baking trays. In a preheated 375 degree F (190 degrees C) oven, bake gingerbread for 10 minutes, or until crisp. When removing from the oven, leave the gingerbread on the baking trays for a few minutes to set, then transfer to wire racks.  Leave out overnight to harden. In a large bowl, lightly whisk 2 egg whites. Gradually beat in approximately 5 cups confectioners' sugar. The icing should be smooth and stand in firm peaks. Spread or pipe a 9 inch line of icing onto a cake board, and press in one of the side walls so that it sticks firmly and stands upright.  If necessary, spread  or pipe a little extra icing along either side to help support it.  Take an end wall and ice both the side edges.  Spread or pipe a line of icing on the board at a right angle to the first wall, and press the end wall into position.  Repeat this process with the other two walls until they are all in position.  Leave the walls to harden together for at least two hours before putting on the roof.  Spread or pipe a thick layer of icing on top of all the walls, and fix the roof pieces in position; the roof should overlap the walls to make the eaves.  Pipe or spread a little icing along the crest of the roof to hold the two pieces firmly together.  Leave overnight to set firmly. When ready to decorate, make the remaining icing.  In a large bowl, lightly whisk 4 egg whites, and mix in remaining confectioners' sugar as before.   Use this to make snow on the roof, and to stick various candies for decoration. Finish with a fine dusting of sifted confectioners' sugar.]
[Place mushrooms in a small bowl, cover with hot water, and allow to soak until mushrooms have softened, about 30 minutes. Remove mushrooms from the bowl, squeeze to drain, and chop finely. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish with cooking spray. Whisk together flour, cornmeal, sugar, salt,  baking soda, black pepper, and cayenne pepper in a large bowl. Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add chopped mushrooms and stir until lightly cooked and softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from heat and allow to cool for 10 minutes. Stir eggs, buttermilk, and milk into flour mixture. Add mushroom mixture and corn; stir until well mixed. Fold in green onions. Transfer batter to the prepared baking dish and tap on a flat work surface 2 to 3 times to remove any air bubbles. Bake in the preheated oven until golden on top, 30 to 35 minutes. A paring knife inserted into the center should come out clean.]
[Combine cranberries, diced pear, orange juice, sugar, water, candied ginger, orange zest, star anise, cinnamon stick, garam masala, and salt in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Bring to boil, reduce heat to medium, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until cranberries have softened, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from heat and allow to cool completely.        Watch Now, Remove cinnamon stick and star anise. Chill until ready to serve.        Watch Now]
[Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat. Whisk together 1 3/4 cup flour, 1/4 cup sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl until combined. Mix butter into flour mixture using a pastry cutter until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Make a well in the center of the flour-butter mixture. Stir in pumpkin puree, buttermilk, and pine nuts until just combined. Sprinkle a work surface with 2 tablespoons flour. Turn out dough onto the floured work surface. Shape into a rectangle about 1 inch thick. Fold the rectangle in thirds, sprinkle with more flour as needed, and flatten to about 1 inch thick. Repeat 2 more times. Cut final rectangle into 6 equally-sized squares. Cut each square into triangles and transfer the scones to the prepared baking sheet. Whisk egg and milk together in a small bowl. Lightly brush the top of each scone with egg wash. Sprinkle 1 teaspoon sugar over scones. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Whisk 2 eggs, flour, water, salt, and 1/2 teaspoon olive oil together thoroughly in a bowl to make a very smooth batter. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate batter for 1 hour. Mix turkey, ricotta cheese, 1 egg, 1/2 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, mozzarella cheese,  marjoram, red pepper flakes, and 1/4 cup Italian parsley in a bowl until thoroughly combined. Season with salt to taste. Place a nonstick skillet over medium-high heat and brush generously with 1 teaspoon olive oil or as needed. Swirl about 1/4 cup batter into the bottom of the pan and tilt to form a thin pancake covering the bottom of the skillet. Cook until bottom of crepe is dry, 60 to 90 seconds. Flip crepe and cook until other side has small browned spots, 60 to 90 seconds more. Repeat with remaining batter to make 6 crepes. Transfer crepes to a plate as you make them. Spread about 1/2 cup marinara sauce into the bottom of a 9x12-inch baking dish. Use a brush to spread about 1/2 teaspoon of olive oil in a thin layer up the sides of the dish. Place a crepe, dimpled side down, onto a work surface; spread about 1/3 to 1/2 cup filling onto crepe in a line down the middle. Roll crepe over filling and tuck in ends if desired. Lay filled crepe into the baking dish. Repeat with remaining crepes and filling to make 6 manicotti. Spread remaining 1 cup marinara sauce onto the manicotti in a line down the middle of the crepes, covering middle 1/3 of manicotti. Sprinkle 1/3 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese all over manicotti. Drizzle manicotti with remaining 1 1/2 teaspoon olive oil. Bake in the preheated oven until manicotti are slightly browned and puffy, about 45 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes to cool. Garnish with 1 tablespoon Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese or as desired and 1 tablespoon Italian parsley before serving.]
[Combine the flour, baking powder, and salt. Either by hand or with a pastry cutter, cut in the shortening till the mixture is crumbly. If the mixture looks more floury than crumbly, be sure to add just one or two more tablespoons of shortening till it is crumbly. Add about 3/4 cup hot water to the mixture, or just enough to make the ingredients look moist. With your hand or a large fork, knead the mixture making sure to rub the dough against the sides of the large mixing bowl to gather any clinging dough. If the dough still sticks to the side of  the bowl, add a couple more tablespoons of flour until the dough forms a soft round shape. The dough is ready to roll out now, but it is best to let it rest. Cover it with a dish towel, and let it sit for about an hour or so. Take the dough, and pull it apart into 10 to 12 balls. Lightly flour your rolling area, and roll each ball with a rolling pin to about 1/8 inch thickness. Place each tortilla on a medium hot cast iron skillet. Cook for about 1 to 2 minutes on each side, or until the tortilla does not look doughy.]
[Warm the milk in a small saucepan until it bubbles, then remove from heat. Mix in the butter; stir until melted. Add water and let cool until lukewarm. In a large bowl, combine the milk mixture, yeast, white sugar, salt, eggs and 2 cups flour; stir well to combine. Stir in the remaining flour, 1/2 cup at a time, beating well after each addition. When the dough has pulled together, turn it out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 8 minutes. Divide dough into two pieces. Roll each piece into a 12x9 inch rectangle. In a bowl, stir together the cinnamon and brown sugar. Spread each piece with half of the butter, half of the brown sugar and cinnamon mixture. Roll up dough, using a little water to seal the seam. Cut each roll into 12 slices using a very sharp knife or dental floss. Place rolls onto two 9x13 inch greased baking pans.  Cover and let rise until almost doubled, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Bake in preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes until golden brown. To make frosting; combine confectioner's sugar, cream cheese, butter and vanilla. Add milk gradually until frosting reaches a spreading consistency. Spread over warm (but not hot) cinnamon rolls.]
[Fill blender with crushed ice. Pour in limeade concentrate, tequila and triple sec. Blend until smooth. Pour into glasses and serve.        Watch Now]
[In large bowl, whisk together eggs, milk, melted butter, flour sugar and salt until smooth. Heat a medium-sized skillet or crepe pan over medium heat. Grease pan with a small amount of butter or oil applied with a brush or paper towel.  Using a serving spoon or small ladle, spoon about 3 tablespoons crepe batter into hot pan, tilting the pan so that bottom surface is evenly coated.  Cook over medium heat, 1 to 2 minutes on a side, or until golden brown.  Serve immediately.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large bowl, mix together the ground beef, egg, water, bread crumbs, and minced onion. Roll into small meatballs. Bake in preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes, turning once. In a slow cooker or large saucepan over low heat, blend the cranberry sauce, chili sauce, brown sugar, and lemon juice. Add meatballs, and simmer for 1 hour before serving.]
[In a large bowl, beat cream cheese until smooth. Gradually beat in confectioners' sugar until well blended. Stir in melted chocolate and vanilla until no streaks remain. Refrigerate for about 1 hour. Shape into 1 inch balls.]
[Melt peanut butter and butter in saucepan, over low heat.  In large bowl, mix crispy rice cereal and confectioners' sugar well.  Pour melted peanut butter and butter over cereal and sugar and blend together thoroughly. Form into 1 inch or smaller balls, spread on cookie sheets, chill till firm in refrigerator (over night is okay). Melt chocolate in double boiler and keep melted while working with balls.  A teaspoon is best to use in dipping the balls in chocolate.  Dip good and place on cookie sheet.  As you dip them place them back on cookie sheet and keep chilled till firm.]
[Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C). Line a 10x15 inch jellyroll pan with parchment paper. In a large bowl, whip cream, 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar, 1/2 cup cocoa, and 1 teaspoon vanilla until thick and stiff. Refrigerate. In a large bowl, use an electric mixer to beat egg yolks with 1/2 cup sugar until thick and pale. Blend in 1/3 cup cocoa, 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla, and salt. In large glass bowl, using clean beaters, whip egg whites to soft peaks. Gradually add 1/4 cup sugar, and beat until whites form stiff peaks.  Immediately fold the yolk mixture into the whites. Spread the batter evenly into the prepared pan. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes in the preheated oven, or until the cake springs back when lightly touched. Dust a clean dishtowel with confectioners' sugar. Run a knife around the edge of the pan, and turn the warm cake out onto the towel. Remove and discard parchment paper. Starting at the short edge of the cake, roll the cake up with the towel. Cool for 30 minutes. Unroll the cake, and spread the filling to within 1 inch of the edge. Roll the cake up with the filling inside. Place seam side down onto a serving plate, and refrigerate until serving. Dust with confectioners' sugar before serving.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place pretzels on baking sheets.  Unwrap candy kisses and place one in the center of each pretzel. Place in preheated oven 1 to 2 minutes, until kisses melt.  Remove from oven and place one candy-coated chocolate in the center of each pretzel.  Chill in refrigerator until set.]
[Spread croutons on bottom of greased 9x13 inch baking dish. Crumble sausage into medium skillet. Cook over medium heat until browned, stirring occasionally. Drain off any drippings. Spread sausage over croutons. In a large bowl, whisk together eggs and milk until well blended. Stir in soup, spinach, mushrooms, cheeses and mustard. Pour egg mixture over sausage and croutons. Refrigerate overnight. The next morning, preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Bake in preheated oven for 50 to 55 minutes or until set and lightly browned on top. Garnish with parsley sprigs and serve hot.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place pork in a 9x13 inch baking dish, and sprinkle meat with salt, pepper and garlic powder. Top with onion and celery, and pour wine over all. Bake in the preheated oven for 45 minutes. When done baking, remove meat from baking dish, and place on a serving platter. Pour gravy mix into baking dish with wine and cooking juices, and stir until thickened. Slice meat, and cover with the gravy.]
[Place black-eyed peas in 8 quart pot.  Add enough water to fill pot 3/4 full.  Stir in ham and diced onions, and season with salt, pepper, and garlic powder.  Place tomatoes in a blender or food processor, and blend until the tomatoes are liquefied.  Add tomatoes to pot.  Bring all ingredients to boil.  Cover the pot, and simmer on low heat for 2 1/2 to 3 hours, or until the peas are tender.]
[Heat olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Cook celery, onion, garlic, parsley, Italian seasoning, red pepper flakes, and salt in the hot oil until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in chicken broth, tomatoes and tomato sauce, and simmer on low for 15 to 20 minutes. Add pasta and cook 10 minutes, until pasta is tender. Add undrained beans and mix well. Heat through. Serve with grated Parmesan cheese sprinkled on top.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large bowl, thoroughly mix ground beef, onion, salt, pepper and garlic powder. Mix in bread, milk, egg, 2 tablespoons mustard and 1/4 cup ketchup. Press the meat mixture into a 9x5-inch loaf pan. In a small bowl, stir together remaining mustard, ketchup and brown sugar; pour on top of the meat loaf. Bake in the preheated oven until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center reads 165 degrees F (74 degrees C), about 2 hours.]
[Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir onion and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt in butter until onion begins to turn translucent, about 6 minutes. Transfer onion mixture to a large bowl. Add milk, eggs, bread crumbs, black pepper, nutmeg, allspice, and cayenne pepper to the breadcrumb mixture; stir to combine. Mix beef and pork into the bread crumb mixture. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat; whisk flour into butter and cook until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Slowly whisk beef broth into butter mixture. Increase heat to medium-high, whisk cream into mixture and bring to a simmer. Stir sugar and Worcestershire sauce into gravy. Simmer until slightly thickened, 6 to 7 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper. Remove from heat and set aside. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and lightly coat foil with cooking spray. Roll 2 to 3 tablespoons meatball mixture into a ball using wet hands; repeat with remaining meatball mixture. Place meatballs on the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until browned, about 20 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Transfer meatballs to the gravy and cook over medium-low heat until warmed through, about 5 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large bowl, cream together the butter, brown sugar, and white sugar until smooth. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then stir in the vanilla and almond extracts. Combine the flour, baking soda, and salt; gradually stir into the creamed mixture. Mix in the macadamia nuts and white chocolate. Drop dough by teaspoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheets. Bake for 10 minutes in the preheated oven, or until golden brown.]
[Place the apples in a slow cooker. In a medium bowl, mix the sugar, cinnamon, cloves and salt. Pour the mixture over the apples in the slow cooker and mix well. Cover and cook on high 1 hour. Reduce heat to low and cook 9 to 11 hours, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is thickened and dark brown. Uncover and continue cooking on low 1 hour. Stir with a whisk, if desired, to increase smoothness. Spoon the mixture into sterile containers, cover and refrigerate or freeze.]
[Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease an oven-proof soup crock or 1 cup baking dish. Fill a small saucepan with water, and bring to a boil. Stir in the macaroni; boil until cooked but still firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain well, and reserve. In the same saucepan, melt the butter over medium-high heat.  Stir in the flour, salt, pepper, onion powder, and milk; whisk until smooth.  Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes.  Reduce heat to low, and whisk in 1/3 cup cheese, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, and hot sauce.  Stir in the cooked macaroni. Spoon the macaroni and cheese into the prepared dish. Sprinkle with bread crumbs and 1 tablespoon cheddar cheese. Bake, uncovered, until the cheese is melted and the macaroni is heated through, about 10 minutes.]
[Melt the peanut butter with the butter or margarine and the milk chocolate. Pour over the cereal and toss until well coated. Place the coated cereal in a large paper sack then add the confectioners' sugar, fold down the top of the bag and shake to coat.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Prepare the elbow macaroni according to package directions. Meanwhile, melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium high heat. Stir in the flour until a cream colored paste forms. Then pour in the milk and stir constantly until this comes to a hard boil, then stir for 1 more minute. Remove from heat and set aside. When the macaroni is cooked, spread 1/2 of it into the bottom of a lightly greased 9x13-inch baking dish. Then layer 1/2 of the grated onion, 1/2 of the salt and pepper and 1/2 of each of the cheeses. Repeat this one more time: macaroni, onion, salt and pepper and cheeses, and then pour the reserved white sauce over all. Top off with small pats of butter to taste. Cover and bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).        Watch Now, In a medium bowl, combine the cream cheese, onion, mayonnaise, crabmeat, garlic powder, salt and pepper. Spread mixture into a 1 quart baking dish.        Watch Now, Bake for 20 minutes in the preheated oven. While the dip is baking, cut a circle in the top of the bread, and scoop out the inside to create a bread bowl. Tear the removed bread into pieces for dipping.        Watch Now, Remove baked crab dip from the oven, and stir well. Spoon the mixture into the hollowed out loaf. Place bread bowl and chunks of bread on a medium baking sheet, and bake for an additional 10 minutes. Serve hot.        Watch Now]
[Cook the lasagna noodles in a large pot of boiling water for 10 minutes, or until al dente. Rinse with cold water, and drain. In a large saucepan, cook and stir  mushrooms, green peppers, onion, and garlic in oil. Stir in pasta sauce and basil; bring to a boil. Reduce heat, and simmer 15 minutes. Mix together ricotta, 2 cups mozzarella cheese, and eggs. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spread 1 cup tomato sauce into the bottom of a greased 9x13 inch baking dish. Layer 1/2 each, lasagna noodles, ricotta mix, sauce, and Parmesan cheese. Repeat layering, and top with remaining 2 cups mozzarella cheese. Bake, uncovered, for 40 minutes. Let stand 15 minutes before serving.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In large bowl, beat butter, sugar, eggs, and vanilla until light and fluffy. Combine the flour, cocoa, baking soda, and salt; stir into the butter mixture until well blended. Mix in the chocolate chips and walnuts. Drop by rounded teaspoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheets. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven, or just until set. Cool slightly on the cookie sheets before transferring to wire racks to cool completely.]
[Pound the steaks to about 1/4-inch thickness. Place 2 cups of  flour in a shallow bowl. Stir together the baking powder, baking soda, pepper, and salt in a separate shallow bowl; stir in the buttermilk, egg, Tabasco Sauce, and garlic. Dredge each steak first in the flour, then in the batter, and again in the flour. Pat the flour onto the surface of each steak so they are completely coated with dry flour. Heat the shortening in a deep cast-iron skillet to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Fry the steaks until evenly golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Place fried steaks on a plate with paper towels to drain. Drain the fat from the skillet, reserving 1/4 cup of the liquid and as much of the solid remnants as possible. Return the skillet to medium-low heat with the reserved oil. Whisk the remaining flour into the oil. Scrape the bottom of the pan with a spatula to release solids into the gravy. Stir in the milk, raise the heat to medium, and bring the gravy to a simmer, cook until thick, 6 to 7 minutes. Season with kosher salt and pepper. Spoon the gravy over the steaks to serve.]
[In a large skillet over medium heat, combine the mushrooms, onion, sherry, butter or margarine and parsley and saute until all the liquid is absorbed and the mixture resembles a paste. Cover the top of each steak with the mixture. Partially thaw the puff pastry sheets and roll out pieces thin enough to cover the top, sides and bottom of each steak. Place the steaks on a baking sheet, cover with plastic wrap and store in the refrigerator until serving time. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Bake steaks uncovered in the preheated oven for 25 minutes. (Note: They will be rare but will continue cooking while dish is sitting.)]
[Lightly grease a 9x9 inch pan and line with waxed paper, smoothing out wrinkles; set aside. Place the semisweet chocolate and 1 teaspoon of the canola oil in the top of a double boiler over just barely simmering water, stirring frequently and scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching. When the chocolate is melted, stir in 1/4 teaspoon of the peppermint extract. Pour the melted chocolate into the prepared pan, and spread evenly over the bottom of the pan. Sprinkle half of the crushed peppermints over the chocolate layer. Refrigerate until completely hardened, about 1 hour. Place the white chocolate and the remaining 1 teaspoon canola oil in the top of a double boiler over just barely simmering water, stirring frequently and scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching. When the chocolate is melted, stir in the remaining 1/4 teaspoon peppermint extract. Pour the white chocolate directly over the semisweet chocolate layer; spread evenly. Sprinkle the remaining crushed candy over the top and gently press in. Refrigerate until completely hardened. Remove from pan; break into small pieces to serve.]
[Bring a pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add macaroni, and cook for 8 to 10 minutes, until tender. Drain, and set aside to cool. In a large bowl, stir together the eggs, onion, celery, red pepper, and relish. In a small bowl, stir together the salad dressing, mustard, white sugar, vinegar, salt and celery seed. Pour over the vegetables, and stir in macaroni until well blended. Cover and chill for at least 1 hour before serving.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 9x5 inch loaf pan. Sift together the flour, sugar, cocoa, baking soda and salt. Add the oil, vanilla, vinegar and water. Mix together until smooth. Pour into prepared pan and bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to cool.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease two 9-inch round pans. Beat shortening and 1 1/2 cups sugar until very light and fluffy. Add eggs and beat well. Make a paste of cocoa and red food coloring; add to creamed mixture. Mix salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla, and buttermilk together. Add the flour to the batter, alternating with the buttermilk mixture, mixing just until incorporated. Mix soda and vinegar and gently fold into cake batter. Don't beat or stir the batter after this point. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake in preheated oven until a tester inserted into the cake comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Cool cakes completely on wire rack. To Make Icing: Cook 5 tablespoons flour and milk over low heat till thick, stirring constantly.  Let cool completely! While mixture is cooling, beat 1 cup sugar, butter, and 1 teaspoon vanilla until light and fluffy. Add cooled flour mixture and beat until frosting is a good spreading consistency. Frost cake layers when completely cool.]
[Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat.  Stir in onion, and cook until softened, about 2 minutes.  Stir in beans and corn, then add sugar, salsa, and pepper flakes; mix well.  Cook until heated through, about 3 minutes. Melt 2 teaspoons of the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Place a tortilla in the skillet, sprinkle evenly with cheese, then top with some of the bean mixture. Place another tortilla on top, cook until golden, then flip and cook on the other side. Melt more butter as needed, and repeat with remaining tortillas and filling.]
[In a large pan over low heat, cook butter, sugar and water until butter is melted.  Add chocolate chips and stir until partially melted. Remove from heat and continue to stir until chocolate is completely melted. Pour into a large bowl and let stand 10 minutes to cool off slightly. At high speed, beat in eggs, one at a time into chocolate mixture.  Reduce speed to low and add dry ingredients, beating until blended.  Chill dough about 1 hour. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Roll dough into balls and place on ungreased cookie sheet about 2 inches apart.  Bake 8-10 minutes.  While cookies are baking unwrap mints and divide each in half.  When cookies are brought out of the oven, put 1/2 mint on top of each cookie.  Let the mint sit for up to 5 minutes until melted, then spread the mint on top of the cookie.   Eat and enjoy!]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). In a medium bowl, cream together the shortening and 1 1/2 cups sugar. Stir in the eggs. Sift together the flour, baking soda, cream of tartar, and salt; stir into the creamed mixture until well blended. In a small bowl, stir together the 2 tablespoons of sugar, and the cinnamon. Roll dough into walnut sized balls, then roll the balls in the cinnamon-sugar. Place them onto an unprepared cookie sheet, two inches apart. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven. Edges should be slightly brown. Remove from sheets to cool on wire racks.]
[Lightly mix together avocados, green onion, cilantro, tomatoes, corn, and black-eyed peas in a salad bowl until well combined. Whisk together red wine vinegar, olive oil, cumin, and minced garlic in a bowl, and pour over the salad. Season to taste with salt and pepper, and lightly toss the salad again. Chill for 1 hour before serving, to blend the flavors.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Combine sugar, peanut butter, and egg. Shape into 1 inch balls and place on ungreased cookie sheet.  NOTE:  If dough is too sticky, refrigerate 1/2 hour or until easy to handle. Bake for 10 minutes.  Remove cookies from oven.  Press a chocolate kiss into the center of each warm cookie.]
[Rinse shredded potatoes until water is clear, then drain and squeeze dry. Place shreds in a bowl, and mix in the onion, flour and egg until evenly distributed. Heat about 1/4 inch of oil in a large heavy skillet over medium-high heat. When oil is sizzling hot, place potatoes into the pan in a 1/2 inch thick layer. Cover the whole bottom of the pan, or make separate piles like pancakes. Cook until nicely browned on the bottom, then flip over and brown on the other side. It should take at least 5 minutes per side.  If you are cooking them in one big piece, it can be cut into quarters for easier flipping. Remove from pan, and drain on paper towels. Season with salt and pepper and serve immediately.]
[Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling water until done.  Drain. Meanwhile, heat the oil in a frying pan over medium low heat.   Add pesto, onion, and salt and pepper.  Cook about five minutes, or until onions are soft. In a large bowl, mix pesto mixture into pasta.  Stir in grated cheese.  Serve.]
[In a 1 pint glass jar or larger, combine the garlic, ginger, olive oil, rice vinegar, soy sauce, honey, and water. Cover the jar with a tight fitting lid, and shake well. Remove lid, and heat jar in the microwave for 1 minute just to dissolve the honey. Let cool, and shake well before serving. Store covered in the refrigerator.]
[In a large mixing bowl, combine crushed cookies and cream cheese to form a stiff dough.  Roll into balls and dip with a fork in melted candy coating.  Let rest on waxed paper until set.]
[Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). In a large mixing bowl, combine the flour and black pepper to taste. Dredge the rump roast in the flour and cover evenly. Shake off excess. In a large pot over medium/high heat, melt the butter and brown the roast on all sides. Place in a 4 quart casserole dish with lid. In a small bowl, combine the soup mix, mushroom soup, and vermouth or white wine; pour over roast. Cover and bake in preheated oven for 3 hours or until desired doneness.]
[In a large bowl, beat eggs and sugar until thick. Stir in the melted butter and vanilla. Sift together the flour and baking powder, and blend into the batter until smooth. Heat the pizzelle iron, and brush with oil. Drop about one tablespoon of batter onto each circle on the iron. You may need to experiment with the amount of batter and baking time depending on the iron. Bake for 20 to 45 seconds, or until steam is no longer coming out of the iron. Carefully remove cookies from the iron. Cool completely before storing in an airtight container. For chocolate pizzelles, add 1/4 cup cocoa sifted together with flour and baking powder, 1/4 cup more sugar and 1/4 teaspoon more baking powder. I find that for the chocolate mixture, the iron must be well oiled to start and then brush on more as needed.]
[Sprinkle the yeast over the warm water, and let stand for 5 minutes, or until foamy.        Watch Now, In a large bowl, mix together the yeast mixture, milk, sugar, salt, eggs, shortening, and 2 cups of the flour. Mix for a few minutes at low speed, or stirring with a wooden spoon. Beat in remaining flour 1/2 cup at a time, until the dough no longer sticks to the bowl. Knead for about 5 minutes, or until smooth and elastic. Place the dough into a greased bowl, and cover. Set in a warm place to rise until double. Dough is ready if you touch it, and the indention remains.        Watch Now, Turn the dough out onto a floured surface, and gently roll out to 1/2 inch thickness. Cut with a floured doughnut cutter. Let doughnuts sit out to rise again until double. Cover loosely with a cloth.        Watch Now, Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Stir in confectioners' sugar and vanilla until smooth. Remove from heat, and stir in hot water one tablespoon at a time until the icing is somewhat thin, but not watery. Set aside.        Watch Now, Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large heavy skillet to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Slide doughnuts into the hot oil using a wide spatula. Turn doughnuts over as they rise to the surface. Fry doughnuts on each side until golden brown. Remove from hot oil, to drain on a wire rack. Dip doughnuts into the glaze while still hot, and set onto wire racks to drain off excess. Keep a cookie sheet or tray under racks for easier clean up.        Watch Now]
[Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place the beef into a mixing bowl, and season with salt, onion, garlic salt, Italian seasoning, oregano, red pepper flakes, hot pepper sauce, and Worcestershire sauce; mix well. Add the milk, Parmesan cheese, and bread crumbs. Mix until evenly blended, then form into 1 1/2-inch meatballs, and place onto a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink in the center, 20 to 25 minutes.]
[Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat, and cook the celery and shallots until shallots are tender. Pour half-and-half into a large pot over medium-high heat. Mix in the butter, celery, and shallot mixture. Stir continuously. When the mixture is almost boiling, pour the oysters and their liquid into the pot. Season with salt, pepper, and cayenne pepper. Stir continuously until the oysters curl at the ends. When the oysters curl the stew is finished cooking; turn off the heat and serve.]
[Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease cookie sheets or line with parchment paper. In a medium bowl, beat together the oil, eggs, sugar and anise flavoring until well blended. Combine the flour and baking powder, stir into the egg mixture to form a heavy dough. Divide dough into two pieces. Form each piece into a roll as long as your cookie sheet. Place roll onto the prepared cookie sheet, and press down to 1/2 inch thickness. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until golden brown. Remove from the baking sheet to cool on a wire rack. When The cookies are cool enough to handle, slice each one crosswise into 1/2 inch slices. Place the slices cut side up back onto the baking sheet. Bake for an additional 6 to 10 minutes on each side. Slices should be lightly toasted.]
[Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Sift together the flour and salt; set aside. In a medium bowl, cream together the butter and sugar. Stir in the egg yolks, almond extract and vanilla extract.  Gradually blend in the sifted ingredients. Fill a cookie press with dough and shoot cookies about 1 1/2 inches apart onto an ungreased cookie sheet. If you like, decorate with sugar or sprinkles at this time. Bake for 6 to 8 minutes in the preheated oven.]
[Pour the water into a saucepan, and cover with a lid. Bring to a boil over high heat, then pour in the quinoa, recover, and continue to simmer over low heat until the water has been absorbed, 15 to 20 minutes. Scrape into a mixing bowl, and chill in the refrigerator until cold. Once cold, stir in the red bell pepper, yellow bell pepper, red onion, curry powder, cilantro, lime juice, sliced almonds, carrots, and cranberries. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Chill before serving.]
[Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.        Watch Now, Meanwhile, heat a medium skillet over medium heat. Pour in oil and saute garlic until golden. Stir in zucchini, salt and pepper. Saute 2 minutes, then mix in tomato and cook a few minutes more. Chop basil and add to vegetables right before mixing with pasta.        Watch Now, Combine pasta and vegetables. Serve topped with mozzarella.        Watch Now]
[Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat, and lightly oil grate. In large bowl, combine ground beef, ground lamb, onion, garlic and bread crumbs. Season with savory, allspice, coriander, salt, pepper and cumin. Knead until mixture is stiff. Shape into 4 very thin patties (1/8 inch to 1/4 inch thick). Cook patties for 5 to 7 minutes on each side, or until cooked through.]
[Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Peel potatoes and add to pot.  Cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes. Drain, cool and mash with a fork or potato masher. Combine 1 cup mashed potato, flour and egg in a large bowl.  Knead until dough forms a ball.  Shape small portions of the dough into long "snakes".  On a floured surface, cut snakes into half-inch pieces. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Drop in gnocchi and cook for 3 to 5 minutes or until gnocchi have risen to the top; drain and serve.]
[Heat the olive oil in a large skillet, and saute the onions and celery until soft. Mix in the pork and beef, and cook until evenly browned. Do not drain. Transfer the pork and beef mixture to a large stock pot over low heat. Stir in the shredded chicken, tomatoes and their liquid, ketchup, and barbeque sauce. Season with salt, pepper, and hot sauce. Place the whole green pepper into the mixture. Cook, stirring occasionally, 2 hours, or until thickened. Stir the cream style corn into the stew mixture. Continue cooking 1 hour, or to desired consistency. Remove the green pepper; chop and return to the stew or discard.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large bowl, whisk together the egg and the milk. Add the beef, cream of wheat and onion and mix well. Shape into 1 inch balls. Place balls on a lightly greased baking sheet. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for about 20 minutes. Drain meatballs on paper towels, if needed. Then place meatballs in a lightly greased 2 quart casserole dish. In a separate medium bowl, combine the soups with the evaporated milk, stirring until smooth. Pour over the meatballs. Bake uncovered at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for another 40 minutes. Sprinkle with parsley before serving.]
[Place sausage in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium-high heat until evenly brown. Drain, and set aside. Layer bread cubes, sausage, and Cheddar cheese in a lightly greased  7x11 inch baking dish. In a bowl, beat together the eggs, milk, salt, and mustard. Pour the egg mixture over the bread cube mixture. Cover, and refrigerate at least 8 hours or overnight. Remove the casserole from the refrigerator 30 minutes before baking. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bake 50 to 60 minutes in the preheated oven, or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean. Let stand 10 minutes before serving.]
[Mix together salt, garlic powder, cumin, oregano, coriander, and cinnamon in a bowl. Coat pork with the spice mixture. Place the bay leaves in the bottom of a slow cooker and place the pork on top. Pour the chicken broth around the sides of the pork, being careful not to rinse off the spice mixture. Cover and cook on Low until the pork shreds easily with a fork, about 10 hours. Turn the meat after it has cooked for 5 hours. When the pork is tender, remove from slow cooker, and shred with two forks. Use cooking liquid as needed to moisten the meat.]
[In medium bowl, toss 4 teaspoons flour with the  grated cheese. Sprinkle mixture into the  pie shell. On top of cheese, sprinkle 1/2 cup of diced ham. In medium bowl, combine eggs, milk or cream, and then add salt and mustard powder. Beat until smooth and pour over cheese and ham. Put piece of plastic wrap large enough to overlap sides over top of quiche, then a piece of foil, and seal well around the edges. (plastic keeps the foil from sticking to the food). Place prepared quiche in freezer. When ready to prepare, preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C.) Remove foil and plastic wrap. Put foil around edge of crust to protect it. Bake in the preheated oven for 60 minutes, or until filling is set and crust is golden brown. Garnish with parsley and pimiento if desired]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly oil a 9x9 inch square baking pan.        Watch Now, Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Saute onion, green onions and garlic, until soft and lightly browned. Stir in spinach and parsley, and continue to saute until spinach is limp, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside to cool.        Watch Now, In a medium bowl, mix together eggs, ricotta, and feta. Stir in spinach mixture. Lay 1 sheet of phyllo dough in prepared baking pan, and brush lightly with olive oil. Lay another sheet of phyllo dough on top, brush with olive oil, and repeat process with two more sheets of phyllo. The sheets will overlap the pan. Spread spinach and cheese mixture into pan and fold overhanging dough over filling. Brush with oil, then layer remaining 4 sheets of phyllo dough, brushing each with oil. Tuck overhanging dough into pan to seal filling.        Watch Now, Bake in preheated oven for 30 to 40 minutes, until golden brown. Cut into squares and serve while hot.        Watch Now]
[Pour the water into a slow cooker, add the bouillon cube, and stir to dissolve. Combine the black-eyed peas, onion, garlic, bell pepper, jalapeno pepper, ham, bacon, cayenne pepper, cumin, salt, and pepper; stir to blend. Cover the slow cooker and cook on Low for 6 to 8 hours until the beans are tender.]
[In a medium bowl, mix together the salmon, eggs, parsley, onion, breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons of lemon juice, 1/2 teaspoon of basil, and red pepper flakes. Form into 6 firmly packed patties, about 1/2 inch thick. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. When the oil is hot, add the patties, and cook for 4 minutes per side, or until nicely browned. In a small bowl, mix together the mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon of lemon juice and a pinch of basil. Use as a sauce for your patties.]
[Heat oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. Add bacon, and cook until crisp. Remove bacon from pan, crumble and return to the pan.  Add onion, and cook until tender, about 5 minutes.  Add garlic, and cook until just fragrant. Add collard greens, and fry until they start to wilt. Pour in chicken broth, and season with salt, pepper, and red pepper flakes. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer for 45 minutes, or until greens are tender.]
[In a medium saucepan combine whipping cream, butter or margarine, and grated Parmesan cheese. Cook over medium low heat until smooth. Remove from heat. Sauce will thicken upon standing.]
[Combine garlic, 1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika, and a pinch of salt in a mortar and pestle or food processor; process until smooth. Mix in mayonnaise, sherry vinegar, tomato paste, 1/4 teaspoon chipotle chile powder, and cayenne pepper until combined. Cover and refrigerate dipping sauce. Mix 1 tablespoon salt, black pepper, 1/2  teaspoon smoked paprika, and 1/2  teaspoon chipotle chile powder together in a small bowl. Set spice blend aside. Pour water into a large saucepan and stir 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, cumin, and bay leaves into water. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and cover; simmer for 10 minutes. Stir potatoes into water-paprika mixture, bring to a boil, and simmer until potatoes are tender but not fully cooked, 4 to 5 minutes. The tip of a paring knife should easily insert into the center of a potato cube. Drain potatoes and transfer to a wire rack to cool completely, about 45 minutes. Heat vegetable oil in a large cast iron skillet or Dutch oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Add cooled potato cubes and cook, stirring frequently, until golden brown, 5 to 6 minutes. Transfer potatoes to a baking sheet lined with  paper towels to cool slightly. Toss in a bowl with spice blend and serve with dipping sauce.]
[Whisk the flour and salt together in a medium size bowl.  With a pastry blender, cut in the cold shortening until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs.  Drizzle 2 to 3 tablespoons ice water over flour.  Toss mixture with a fork to moisten, adding more water a few drops at a time until the dough comes together. Gently gather dough particles together into a ball.  Wrap in plastic wrap, and chill for at least 30 minutes before rolling. Roll out dough, and put in a pie plate.  Fill with desired filling and bake.]
[Have the fruit, rum, wine, and orange juice well chilled. Slice the lemon, lime and orange into thin rounds and place in a large glass pitcher. Pour in the rum and sugar. Chill in refrigerator for 2 hours to develop the flavors.        Watch Now, When ready to serve, crush the fruit lightly with a wooden spoon and stir in the wine and orange juice. Adjust sweetness to taste.        Watch Now]
[In a large bowl, combine flour and salt. Cut in shortening until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in water until mixture forms a ball. Divide dough in half, and shape into balls. Wrap in plastic, and refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight. Roll out dough on a floured counter.  Don't over work it.  Use as directed in pie recipe.]
[Heat cocoa, sugar, milk and butter over medium heat.   Boil these verrrrry slowly (they will turn out better) when they reach the boiling point boil them for no longer than 90-120 seconds. Stir together oats, peanut butter and vanilla with a big wooden spoon or Kitchen Aid.   Pour the hot mix over the oatmeal mix and drop on wax paper.]
[Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat. Grill corn until hot and lightly charred all over, 7 to 10 minutes, depending on the temperature of the grill. Roll the ears in melted butter, then spread evenly with mayonnaise. Sprinkle with cotija cheese and serve with a lime wedge.]
[In a small frying pan place 1/4 cup chicken broth and the onion. Cook over a low heat for 5 to 7 minutes. In a medium size pot over medium heat melt the butter. Slowly whisk in flour. Whisk until a creamy mixture is created. Gradually pour in broth, whisking constantly. Whisk in milk, salt, onion, lobster meat, Worcestershire sauce and cayenne pepper. Heat until soup is almost boiling. Do not boil the soup as the milk will curdle when boiled.]
[Soak the cedar planks for at least 1 hour in warm water. Soak longer if you have time. In a shallow dish, stir together the vegetable oil, rice vinegar, sesame oil, soy sauce, green onions, ginger, and garlic. Place the salmon fillets in the marinade and turn to coat. Cover and marinate for at least 15 minutes, or up to one hour. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat. Place the planks on the grate. The boards are ready when they start to smoke and crackle just a little. Place the salmon fillets onto the planks and discard the marinade. Cover, and grill for about 20 minutes. Fish is done when you can flake it with a fork. It will continue to cook after you remove it from the grill.]
[Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C). Rinse pork chops, pat dry, and season with seasoned salt and pepper.  Place them in a 9x13 inch baking dish. In a separate small bowl, combine the onion, mushrooms and soup. Mix together well and spoon over the chops. Cover, and bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 45 minutes. Uncover, and bake for 15 more minutes. (Note: Time could be less or more depending on the thickness of the chops.) Pork chops are done when their internal temperature has reached 145 degrees F (63 degrees C).]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain. Heat oil in a large, deep skillet. Place sausage and onion in the skillet and cook over medium high heat until evenly brown. Drain excess fat. Pour in wine, and cook for 1 minute, stirring, to deglaze the pan. Stir in tomato sauce, diced tomatoes and tomato paste. Simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Toss with cooked pasta, and place in a 9x13 inch baking dish. Sprinkle top with mozzarella. Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes, or until cheese is melted.]
[In a large bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water. Let stand until creamy, about 10 minutes. Add salt, oil and 4 cups flour to the yeast mixture; beat well. Stir in the remaining flour, 1/2 cup at a time, beating well with an electric mixer at medium speed after each addition. When the dough has pulled together, turn it out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 6 minutes. Lightly oil a large bowl, place the dough in the bowl and turn to coat with oil. Cover with a damp cloth and let rise in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 40 minutes. Punch dough down, and divide into 8 equal portions. Shape each portion into a 4 inch round loaf. Place loaves on lightly greased baking sheets sprinkled with cornmeal. Cover and let rise in a warm place, free from drafts, until doubled in bulk, about 35 minutes. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). In a small bowl, beat together egg white and 1 tablespoon water; lightly brush the loaves with half of this egg wash. Bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes. Brush with remaining egg mixture, and bake 10 to 15 more minutes or until golden. Cool on wire racks. To make bowls: Cut a 1/2 inch thick slice from top of each loaf; scoop out centers, leaving 3/4-inch-thick shells. Fill bread bowls with hot soup and serve immediately.]
[Heat the canola oil in a skillet over high heat. Add the pork; cook and stir just until meat is browned on all sides, about 5 minutes. Place the meat in a 4 quart slow cooker. Pour the enchilada sauce over the meat. Top with the hominy, onion, chilies, garlic, cayenne pepper, and oregano. Pour in enough water to fill the slow cooker. Cover, and cook on High for 6 to 7 hours. Stir in the cilantro and salt. Cook on Low for 30 minutes more.]
[In a large saucepan combine evaporated milk, sugar, egg yolks, margarine and vanilla. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until thick. Remove from heat and stir in pecans and coconut.  Spread on cake while still warm.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour 2 - 8 inch round pans. Sift together the flour, baking powder and salt. Set aside. In a large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the egg yolks one at a time, then stir in the vanilla.  Beat in the flour mixture alternately with the milk, mixing just until incorporated. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake in the preheated oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until tops spring back when lightly tapped. Cool 15 minutes before turning out onto cooling racks.]
[In a large bowl, combine milk powder, non-dairy creamer, vanilla flavored creamer, sugar and instant tea. Stir in ginger, cinnamon, cloves and cardamom. In a blender or food processor, blend 1 cup at a time, until mixture is the consistency of fine powder. To serve: Stir 2 heaping tablespoons Chai tea mixture into a mug of hot water.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).        Watch Now, In a small nonstick saucepan, heat the sugar over medium heat. Shake and swirl occasionally to distribute sugar until it is dissolved and begins to brown. Lift the pan over the heat source (4 to 6 inches) and continue to brown the sugar until it becomes a dark golden brown. You may slightly stir while cooking, but continually stirring causes the sugar to crystallize. Pour caramelized sugar into a 1 1/2 quart casserole dish or a large loaf pan, and swirl to coat the bottom of the pan evenly.        Watch Now, In a blender, combine sweetened condensed milk, cream, milk, eggs and vanilla. Blend on high for one minute.  Pour over the caramelized sugar.        Watch Now, Place the filled casserole dish into a larger pan and add 1 inch of HOT water to the outer pan. Bake in preheated oven for 50 to 60 minutes, or until set.        Watch Now]
[Grease two 9 inch round pans. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Make a paste of cocoa and food coloring.  Set aside. Combine the buttermilk, salt and 1 teaspoon vanilla.  Set aside.  In a large bowl, cream together the shortening and 1 1/2 cups sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs one at a time, then stir in the cocoa mixture.  Beat in the buttermilk mixture alternately with the flour, mixing just until incorporated.  Stir together baking soda and vinegar, then gently fold into the cake batter. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Allow to cool completely before frosting.  Refrigerate until ready to serve. To Make Icing:   In a saucepan, combine the milk and 5 tablespoons flour.  Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until mixture thickens.  Set aside to cool completely.  Cream together butter, 1 cup sugar and 1 teaspoon vanilla until light and fluffy, then stir in the cooled milk and flour mixture, beating until icing reaches spreading consistency.]
[Preheat an oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Place the peas and carrots, green beans, and celery into a saucepan; cover with water, bring to a boil, and simmer over medium-low heat until the celery is tender, about 8 minutes. Drain the vegetables in a colander set in the sink, and set aside. Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat, and cook the onion until translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in 2/3 cup of flour, salt, black pepper, celery seed, onion powder, and Italian seasoning; slowly whisk in the chicken broth and milk until the mixture comes to a simmer and thickens. Remove from heat; stir the cooked vegetables and turkey meat into the filling until well combined. Fit 2 pie crusts into the bottom of 2 9-inch pie dishes. Spoon half the filling into each pie crust, then top each pie with another crust. Pinch and roll the top and bottom crusts together at the edge of each pie to seal, and cut several small slits into the top of the pies with a sharp knife to release steam. Bake in the preheated oven until the crusts are golden brown and the filling is bubbly,  30 to 35 minutes. If the crusts are browning too quickly, cover the pies with aluminum foil after about 15 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes before serving.]
[Adjust oven rack to lower-middle position and preheat oven to 400 degrees. In a medium bowl, mix flour, 1/3 cup sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Grate butter into flour mixture on the large holes of a box grater; use your fingers to work in butter (mixture should resemble coarse meal), then stir in raisins. In a small bowl, whisk sour cream and egg until smooth. Using a fork, stir sour cream mixture into flour mixture until large dough clumps form. Use your hands to press the dough against the bowl into a ball. (The dough will be sticky in places, and there may not seem to be enough liquid at first, but as you press, the dough will come together.) Place on a lightly floured surface and pat into a 7- to 8-inch circle about 3/4-inch thick. Sprinkle with remaining 1 tsp. of sugar. Use a sharp knife to cut into 8 triangles; place on a cookie sheet (preferably lined with parchment paper), about 1 inch apart. Bake until golden, about 15 to 17 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes and serve warm or at room temperature.]
[Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Pour cake mix into a large bowl. Stir in eggs, oil, and lemon extract until well blended. Drop teaspoonfuls of dough into a bowl of confectioners' sugar. Roll them around until they're lightly covered. Once sugared, put them on an ungreased cookie sheet. Bake for 6 to 9 minutes in the preheated oven. The  bottoms will be light brown, and the insides chewy.]
[Heat oil in the pressure cooker over medium-high heat with the lid open. Brown the roast on all sides in the hot oil. In a small cup or bowl, mix together the Italian salad dressing mix, Ranch dressing mix, and gravy mix. Sprinkle them evenly over the roast. Pour in the beef broth and add the chopped onion. Seal and lock pressure cooker, and cook over high heat to build pressure until the indicator sounds (mine whistles). Turn heat down to medium, and cook for 45 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand for 5 minutes. Run under cold water to help release the pressure before unsealing the lid. You can use the juices as an au jus, or thicken with flour or cornstarch to make a yummy gravy.]
[Place ground beef in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium-high heat until evenly brown. Drain, crumble, and set aside. Add all ingredients to a large kettle. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, stirring occasionally.]
[Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C). In a medium bowl, beat eggs with milk.  Stir in flour.  Set aside. Divide butter evenly into the twelve cups of a muffin tin, about 1/2 teaspoon per cup.  Place tin in oven to melt butter, 2 to 5 minutes.  Remove tin from oven, and distribute batter evenly among buttery cups. Bake in preheated oven 5 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake 25 minutes more or until puffed and golden.]
[In a large bowl, combine warm water, yeast, salt, oil, sugar, and 4 cups flour.  Mix thoroughly, and let sponge rise until doubled in size. Gradually add about 4 cups flour, kneading until smooth.  Place dough in a greased bowl, and turn several times to coat.  Cover with a damp cloth.  Allow to rise until doubled. Punch down the dough, let it rest a few minutes.  Divide dough into three equal parts.  Shape into loaves, and place in three 8 1/2 x 4 1/2 inch greased bread pans.  Let rise until almost doubled. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 45 minutes. The loaves may need to be covered for the last few minutes with foil to prevent excess browning.]
[In a medium size bowl, mash cream cheese. Mix dressing mix and Cheddar cheese into the cream cheese. Shape the mixture into a ball. Roll the ball in the chopped nuts. Refrigerate covered until ready to serve. Yum!]
[Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Move oven rack to  the center position. In a large bowl, combine bread crumbs, garlic, rosemary, 1 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Toss in 2 tablespoons olive oil to moisten mixture. Set aside. Season the rack all over with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large heavy oven proof skillet over high heat. Sear rack of lamb for 1 to 2 minutes on all sides. Set aside for a few minutes. Brush rack of lamb with the mustard. Roll in the bread crumb mixture until evenly coated. Cover the ends of the bones with foil to prevent charring. Arrange the rack bone side down in the skillet. Roast the lamb in preheated oven for 12 to 18 minutes, depending on the degree of doneness you want. With a meat thermometer, take a reading in the center of the meat after 10 to 12 minutes and remove the meat, or let it cook longer, to your taste. Let it rest for 5 to 7 minutes, loosely covered, before carving between the ribs.]
[Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch pan. Combine the melted butter, sugar, cocoa powder, vanilla, eggs, flour, baking powder, and salt. Spread the batter into the prepared pan. Decorate with walnut halves, if desired. Bake in preheated oven for 20 to 30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out with crumbs, not wet. Cool on wire rack.]
[Place eggs in a saucepan, and cover with cold water. Bring water to a boil and immediately remove from heat. Cover, and let eggs stand in hot water for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from hot water, and cool. To cool more quickly, rinse eggs under cold running water. Meanwhile, place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium-high heat until evenly brown. Alternatively, wrap bacon in paper towels and cook in the microwave for about 1 minute per slice. Crumble and set aside. Peel the hard-cooked eggs, and cut in half lengthwise. Remove yolks to a small bowl. Mash egg yolks with mayonnaise, crumbled bacon and cheese. Stir in mustard. Fill egg white halves with the yolk mixture and refrigerate until serving.]
[Place eggs in a medium saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring water to a boil and immediately remove from heat. Cover and let eggs stand in hot water for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from hot water, cool and peel. Cut eggs in half. Remove yolks and place in a medium bowl. Mash together with celery, onion, mayonnaise, salt and hot pepper sauce. Stuff the egg white halves with the egg yolk mixture. Sprinkle eggs with paprika. Chill covered in the refrigerator until serving.]
[In a large skillet over medium-high heat, brown the ground beef and drain excess fat. Stir in the taco seasoning, chili beans and French-style dressing. Fill the dressing bottle 2/3 full of water and add to the skillet. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 15 minutes. Crush the bag of chips, open the bag, and toss the broken chips into a large bowl with the lettuce, cheese and tomatoes. When the meat mixture is done, combine it with the lettuce, tomatoes, chips and mix well. Then, add salsa and sour cream.]
[Sprinkle freshly ground pepper over both sides of each steak, and sprinkle with salt to taste. Heat a nonstick skillet over medium-high heat.  Place steaks in hot pan, and cook for 1 minute on each side, or until browned. Reduce heat to medium-low, and add balsamic vinegar and red wine. Cover, and cook for 4 minutes on each side, basting with sauce when you turn the meat over. Remove steaks to two warmed plates, spoon one tablespoon of glaze over each, and serve immediately.]
[Whisk together the milk, Irish cream liqueur, vodka, and instant pudding mix in a bowl until combined. Continue whisking for 2 minutes. Spoon the pudding mixture into shot glasses or disposable 'party shot' cups. Chill until set, about 30 minutes. The shots will have the consistency of mousse.]
[Place beets into a saucepan, and fill with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, then cook for 20 to 30 minutes, until tender. Drain and cool, then cut in to cubes. While the beets are cooking, place the walnuts in a skillet over medium-low heat. Heat until warm and starting to toast, then stir in the maple syrup. Cook and stir until evenly coated, then remove from the heat and set aside to cool. In a small bowl, whisk together the orange juice concentrate, balsamic vinegar and olive oil to make the dressing. Place a large helping of baby greens onto each of four salad plates, divide candied walnuts equally and sprinkle over the greens. Place equal amounts of beets over the greens, and top with dabs of goat cheese. Drizzle each plate with some of the dressing.]
[Combine egg, salt, milk. Add flour. (For thicker noodles add baking powder to flour before mixing.) Separate into two balls. Roll out dough, and let stand for 20 minutes. Cut into strips and spread to dry--dust with a little flour. Let dry for approximately 2 hours. Drop into hot soup--cook for about 10 minutes.]
[Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 C). Grease three 12 cup muffin pans, or line with paper muffin liners. Soak raisins in hot water for ten minutes to plump, then drain.        Watch Now, In a large bowl, combine the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt, nutmeg, cinnamon, and ground cloves. In a separate bowl, mix the eggs, pumpkin, and applesauce, until smooth. Add this mixture to the dry ingredients and stir thoroughly to make a smooth batter. Stir the raisins and walnuts into the batter. Spoon batter into the prepared muffin cups.        Watch Now, Bake for 30 to 35 minutes in the preheated oven, or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean.        Watch Now]
